aOmmunicator.org 




li ik. 



\\m\ 
[•J 



.TzT* 



• ^ 



for tie 

omosexual 



oienon: ^ 
a satire 





:k^: 





&gt;. 



Oct. 3, 2007 



news 



pg.2 



j" news" "j Video gamei 

EVENTS 
10/3-10/9 

Oct. 3 



Degree Possi- 
ble Workshop, 
WU G21-"Math 
\nxiety , " John 
LaMaster , 
speaker , 

Oct. 4 

Student 
Organization 
Leadership 
Development 
(S.O.L.D.) . 
noon - 1:30 
p.m. WU 114- 
116 

Oct. 5 



"Using Poll- 
ing Pods as a 

Motivational 
Tool for On- 
line Learn- 
ing." KT 234. 
Register at 
http : //ipfw. 
edu/celt . 



Oct. 6 

"Latino, Ibe- 
ro-American, 

Hispanic? 
Does it Hat - 
ter What We 
Call Them?" 
Mather Lec- 
ture Series , 
:ax Montesino, 
speaker . The 
History Cen- 
ter, 302 E. 
Berry St . . 2 
p.m. 

Oct. 8 

No classes. 
Fall Break. 

Oct. 9 

No classes. 
Fall Break. 



L .... J 




can be 

healt 



Consoles that 

keep you fit 



By NAME HERE 

USERWAMEeiptHtonununltaloi 



Many question if video 
games are diminishijig 
the mental . moral , and 
physical capacities of 
society. But are video 
games actually respon- 
sible for such short - 
ccinings, or is it be- 
cause of something 

Many feel that video 
games can decrease an 
individual's aptitude 
and attention spans . 
However, it has been 
statistically shown 
that Intelligence test 
scores in the U.S. are 
actually rising fast - 
er than ever. A study 
also conducted by the 
University of Roches- 
ter deduced that video 
games appeared to irake 
people more percep- 
tive , as their brains 



are trained to analyze 
information faster 
IPFW student Tony Wag- 
goner , who frequent 
ly plays video games 
agrees with the study's 
results . 

"There really is 
a lot of intuition in- 
volved in gaming." Wag- 
goner said. 

An individual's so- 
cial skills can also be 
strengthened. Social 
gaming can encourage 



and Counter -Strike 
with online capacities 
are increasingly being 
developed and can pro- 
mote social network- 
ing, as people can con- 
tact and compete with 
people who live nearby 
or in a completely dif- 
ferent country. Gam- 
ing cafes have also be- 
come more popular and 
are increasingly being 
established across the 
country. In Georgetown. 



"Fitness experts have 

also endorsed the Wii as a 

legitimate means of exerdse..." 



healthy competition, 
which is a valuable at- 
tribute in Diany dimen- 
sions of one 's life . 
Games such as World 
of Warcraft. Halo, the 
Battlefield franchise, 



X-Scape Gaming Caf§ al- 
lows individuals to use 
computers and games of 
the establishment for a 
small fee. 

Gaming cafes can 
also be accredited for 



keeping youth out of 
trouble. One assertion 
of video games is that 
they promote violence 
and desensitize the in- 
dividuals who may play 
them. On the contrary, 
the U.S. crijne rate has 
been dropping steadily 
and significantly since 
1993. 

Businesses like 
X-Scape offer after- 
school specials, (&lt;^ch 
can be a great resource 
for working parents 
with young children . 
The children have a 
place to hang out with 
friends and have fun, 
vdiile parents have the 
piece of mind in know- 
ing that their children 

ment and staying out of 
trouble. 

Although video games 
are oftentimes syn- 
onymous with laziness, 
consoles such as the 



Nintendo Wii have bro- 
ken the molds of typi- 
cal gaming systems, as 
they require players 
to get off the couch 
and move around. These 
games are often used to 
alleviate stress and 
channel out aggression 
not only among children 
and young adults , but 
also by their parents 
and grandparents. Fit- 
ness experts have also 
endorsed the Wii as a 
legitimate means of 
exercise, and exercise 
is known to release en- 
dorphins and promote 
general health. Nin- 
tendo is also develop- 
ing a game called Wii 
Fit, vrtiich is set to 
come out in the U.S. at 
the beginning of 2008. 



^ irideo games: Page 8 




Photo by Han Nguyen 



The Indiana University— Purdue University Fort Wayne 2007-08 Omnibus Lecture Series opened the season with actor and 
comedian Cheech Marin, in The John and Ruth Rhinehart Music Center, Thursday, Sept, 25. The free lecture was titled "An 
Interpretation of a Culture through Chicano Art. For the past few years, Marin has found a whole new audience through his 
Chicano art collection, which is one of the largest in the world. His collection forms the core of Chicano Visions: American 
Painters on the Verge, a traditional art exhibition, and is accompanied by Chicano Now: American Expressions, an interactive 
multimedia exhibition. A coffee table book featuring highlights of his collection and exhibition was published in 2002. 



Oct. 3, 2007 



politics &amp; money 



pg.3 



'Jena Six' strife renews verve 
for Civil Rights fight 



By KELLIE HOSES 
Mos eknO liH pfw . ed u 



To quote one of the 
greatest icons of the 
Civil Rights Movement 
would not only be ap- 
propriate, but also an 
over useiJ way in shed- 
ding light upon the 
Jena Six scandal cur- 
rently happening. 

What nakes this so 
expected and an over 
used method, is the 
fact that segrega- 
tion has ended over kO 
years ago, and yet ra- 

still happening within 
this country. 

Host of the times 
when discussing situ- 
ations involving dis- 
crimination, chances 
are they have been in 
a history class not 
Current American Prob- 

However , today in 
the 21st century, peo- 
ple and coninunities 
are still dealing with 
racial discrimination. 
When ilartin Luther 
King stood at the Lin- 
coln MeiDorial on Au- 
gust 28, 1963. and 
gave his legendary "I 
Have a Dream" speech, 
he delivered this line 
within it. "I have a 
dream that n^ four lit- 
tle children will one 
day live in a nation 
where they will not be 
judged by the color of 
their skin but by the 
content of their char- 

tiy guess is the day 
he was speaking of was 
not that of day in the 





year 2007. 

By now most have 
heard of the Jena Six. 
but do not fully un- 
derstand the extent of 
vhat is going on. 

In Jena. Louisiana , 
six Jena High School 
teenage African Amer- 



to find three nooses 
hung from a tree vrfiere 
the white students 
would eat lunch. 

Jena Higji School has 
predominantly white 
students who make up 
85 percent of the en- 
rolled students: leav- 
ing just 



"Three white male students 
who hung the nooses in pro- 
test of the African American 

sitting under "their tree. " 



10-15 



ican males were ini- 
tially charged with 
second degree attempt- 
ed murder, after being 
involved in several 
fights with a white 
male student on and off 
campus. 

"rtie fights evolved 
iirfien students arrived 
one morning at school 



s t u - 
dgnts. 
With a school having 
such a non-diverse at- 
mosphere, students tend 
to stick with those of 
their own race. 

During lunch time, 
the whites hould nor- 
mally sit under a larg- 
er tree in the court- 
yard . and the African 
Americans would sit on 



the bleachers. 

When a freshman Af- 
rican American stu- 
dent asked the princi- 
pal if he could sit at 
the "white tree" dur- 
ing lunch, the princi- 
pal told him he could 
sit any where he would 
like, thus causing the 
situation at hand . The 
very next day the noos- 
es where discovered on 
the tree. 

At first there was 
suspicion that the Klu 
KLux Klan. KKK, had 
been involved . 

Through further in- 
vestigation, it turned 
out it was three white 
male students who hung 
the nooses in protest 
of the African American 
sitting under "their 

When this incident 

was brought before the 

school board, the mem- 

&gt; JENA : Page A 



^SATIRE 

from Page 7 



A reliable source 
tells us that Iran once 
had the homosexual phe- 
nomenon, with homosex- 
uals running amok in 
their society. 

This was until a 
strict regime against 
homosexuality was im- 
posed. 

Homosexuals were 
found, whipped and oc- 
casionally tortured 
and then executed by 
either a public hanging 
in front of the entire 
neighborhood, or a pri- 
vate one in which only 
close friends and fam- 
ily were Invited. 

If a man was even 
caught naked and in 
bed with another man 
who was not his blood 
relation, this punish- 
ment was often arranged 
for him. After only a 
short period of time, 
Iran had eradicated all 
homosexuals from their 
country. 

Suddenly, the women 
were more suhroissive. 
the oil reserves dou- 
bled and nuclear weap- 



tially 



find. Essen - 



serves of Iran, nor do 
we have the singular 
mindset of its people. 
Iran has a national 
language, a national 
religion. they even 
regulate lAat can and 
can't be written about 
in their newspapers to 
ensure that they will 
always act, speak and 
even think as one na- 

This is a strong 
country, spiritually 
and politically and 
culturally. In the 
U.S. . however, criti- 
cism is prevalent in 
our society. 

We don't have a na- 
tional language and 
we barely have a com- 

COTtie together and agree 
spiritually. Obvious- 
ly, this is because of 
the homos. 

We have relied on 
our homosexuals far too 
much. They style our 
hair, apply our make- 
up . entertain us on 
stage, tell us what not 
to wear and are almost 

a pivotal par-t of our 



vote CONPOM BY: eprK shephepd anp said el-daoani 



"We have relied on our ho- 
the gays mosexuals far too much. They 
g o^n^e ^. ^'^ ^^^ '^^i''' 3pply our make- 
life got up, entertain us on stage..." 



Ap- ^^=- 

ly , the United States 
govetrmient has vastly 
underestimated the re- 
lationship between ho- 
mosexuals and the qual- 
ity of life for their 
countrymen. What I am 
saying is thus: in the 
last few years moral 
has been extremely low. 
multitude of natural 
disasters have occurred 
and political tensions 
have been high. 

The U.S. does not 
have the 



They have even be- 
gun convincing us that 
they should be allowed 
to intrude upon one of 
the rrast holy of all 
ceremonies - nHrriage 
- vrfiich is obviously 
defined in every reli- 
gious document as be- 
ing between a nan and 



This 



this 



SATIRE: Page 4 




Oct. 3, 2007 



perspective 



pg.4 



Don't tase me, bro! 

Videotaped tasing of student forces the ques- 
tion, "Are tfie police using too much force?" 



By KATHRHJ ANDERSON 



On September 17, a 
student was taseced by 
cainpus police at the 
Univecsity of Florida 
after trying to ask Sen- 
ator John Kerry criti- 
cal questions concern- 
ing the 2004 elections. 
TMs event has become 
somewhat of a contro- 
versial issue, as some 
question whether or not 
the student's right to 
freedom of speech was 
being violated or if 
such violence was even 
necessary. 

It should be said 
that the studenr, An- 
drew Meyer , surpassed 
his allotted time to 
ask hie questions and 
refused to walk away 
from the microphone, 
even after it had been 
turned off. The ar- 
gument is that Meyer 

broke the rules, eind 

as a result had to be 
dealt vdth by authori- 

Resisting arrest and 
disturbing the peace 
are aiMng the charges 
of which Meyer was cit- 
ed. 

However, Meyer's re- 
sistance is saaewhat 
unders tanda b le c on - 
sidering that the po- 
lice iitmediately began 



tackling him. It could 
also be argued t^at 
the police were re- 
sponsible for the dis- 
turbances at the ral- 
ly, as they were the 
ones who instigated the 
violence and neglected 
to control the situa 
tion peacefully. 

This is not in de 
fense of the student 
himself, but a ques 
tion of whether or noi 
the campus police over 
stepped their boundar 

Officials said an 
investigation into the 
incident would deter- 
mine if the officers 
used an appropriate 
level of force. 

"We ' re absolutely 
conndtted to having a 
safe environment for 
our faculty and our 
students so that a free 
exchange of ideas can 
occur , " Machen said . 

It is doubtful that 
the student was try- 

Ina to instigQCo any 

type of riot. Meyer is 
currently a joucnal- 
ism Student at the U of 
Florida, so could one 
really blame him for 
wanting to ask critical 
questions and pressing 



for 



the 



microphone? Meyer has 
also in the past posted 
videos of himself pull- 
ing pranks, so he very 
well could have just 



wanted the 

After being sur- 
rounded by ccHnplete 
strangers in a strange 
town and an alarming 
prevalence of threats 
and student violence, 
some type of author- 
ity is needed to en- 
sure safety and piece 
of mind. 

TTie police should be 
protecting students . 
not oppressing or at- 
tacking them when they 
don't even pose a vi- 
able threat. 

Conspiracy theories 
aside, this ordeal was 
not so much an issue 
of freedom of speech. 
Although Kerry was 
more than willing to 
cater to the student's 
question, vrtiich Kerry 
deemed "important", 
the student broke the 
rules and was not al- 
lowing other students 
to exchange theit own 

Ihough he may have 
been a nuleonce. he did 
not deserve to be as- 
saulted. 

Going to college is 
a scary enough ordeal 
by itself. If a stu- 
dent or faculty member 
can't even look to the 
police to see an ex- 
ample of vhst peaceful 
compromise should be. 
then v^o can they de- 
pend on for guidance or 
for their safety? 



&gt;JENA 

From Page 3 



^SATIRE 

From Page 3 



deviance is the roo 
all of our problsns. 
Homosexuals are obvi- 
ously the reason our 
lives here in the Unit- 
ed States of America 
are made go much more 
difficult on a daily 
basis by our lack of 
unifo.rmity and clarity 
in judgment. 

Hithout them, there 
would have been no Hur- 
ricane Katrina. there 
would be wore oil re- 



of mosexuals currently were 



In Iran, their homes 
are simple and decorat- 
ed only with 



They do not want for 
more than they need , 
which is sure to have 
contributed to how 
small their country's 
national debt is - es- 
pecially when compared 
to the United States' 
national debt . 



Iti'/br "I propose that we 
mre Job follow in our good friend 

opportu- 

nities . Iran s footsteps and get 
rid of our gays." 



country 
would 

national religion and 
its people would be in 
political . spiritual 
and linguistic agree- 

I propose that we fol- 
low in our good friend 
Iran ' s footsteps and 
get rid of our gays. My 
reliable source tells 
me that they have found . 
ways atound the miss- 
ing hairstylists and 
interior decorators. 

The way the people 
of Iran dress does not 
necessitate the need 
for style in hair or 
accessories . 

Their women even cov- 
er their entire face to 
keep from needing make 
up. Their dress is mod- 
est and functional, for 
they do not need the 
flash and flair that 
American society's ho- 



As far as entertain- 
ment goes, I hear that 
the stoning of schol- 
ars, academics and oth- 
er insurgents is both 
practical and enjoy- 
able. 

Perhaps the best in- 
fo motion I have gath- 
ered on their society 
is that their women are 
docile and know how -co- 
behave. 

Their methods of 
treatment for these 
deviant men in their 
society have obviously 
worked to its fullest 
potential . They no lon- 
ger even acknowledge 
the homosexual phenom- 
enon within their coun- . 
try's boundaries. 

Now. I have thought 
about this quite a bit. 
and in my calculations, 
if the United States 



begin arrest- 
ing and executing (pub- 
licly or otherwise) our 
own queer population 
then in less than seven 
years our nation would 
be almost completely 
free of the fags. 

A few laws would 
have to go into ef- 
fect and a few "rights" 
might have to be taken 
away, but I believe the 
nation would finally 
recoyxize that this 
would all be happen- 
ing for their benefit 
and would even rejoice. 
Perhaps scmteday public 
stonings could be popu- 
lar here as well - OTV 
could create a tele- 
vision show entitled 
"Target Practice." 

I dream of SMDeday 
when we ace united in 
our language and our 

A day when ws can- 
all agree politically- 
and culturally. 

A day when marriage 
is not under attack 
and little Suzie isn't 
testing out dental 

A day whan tiucleSr 
weapons research can 
continue on unhindered 
in all countries of the 
world and job opportu- 
nities will abound. 

I dream of this 
'someday' when we are 
not beguiled and over- 
rtm with the homosexual 
phenomenon and we have 
attained the enlighten- 
ment of our good friend 
and dutiful teacher, 
Iran. 



bers as well as the Su- 
perintendent, felt that 
this was just a "silly 
prank" and no harm was 
meant by it. resulting 
in a punishment of only 
in -school suspension 
for the students. 

This stirred up 
trouble in Jeia. caus- 
ing a series of fights 
and even more discrim- 
ination in the town. 

When the last fight 
involving six African 
American males and one 
white male student oc- 
curred, legal charges 
were finally brought 
upon the students, the 
African American stu- 

TMs came as a shock 
to the African Ameri- 
can residents of Jena, 
because less than two 
days prior, the same 
incident happened just 
in reverse: six white 



nales against one Af- 
rican American male. 

Currently all six 
nales are scheduled 
for trial, but one 
student's sentence has 
been brought down to a 
juvenile case due to 
his age at the time of 
the arrest. 

Tlie other males' 
cases have ■ been re- 
duced to aggravated 
second-degree battery 
and conspiracy. 

The school felt that 
the fight was prenedi- 
tated and sane sort of 
racial violence. 

. The coniminity is 
still deeply upset 
about these charges 
and feels that it has 
been racially motivat- 
ed and that the males 
are being discriminat- 
ed against. , ' 

Due the extensive 
public media on this 



case . such advocates 
as the NAACP, Rev. 
Al Sharpton. and many 
other supporters foe 
equal rights have got- 
ten involved. 

The HAACP has set 
up a Defense fund in 
efforts to raise money 
to help with the court 
costs of these tti- 
als. Also, petitions 
have been sent around 
in hopes that the U.S. 
Justice Department 
will review what hap- 
pened In Jena. 

Note that this case 
has been going on since 
December of last year. 
So v4iy all of sudden 
does the media have 
such an interest in 
this case? 

What ever the rea- 
son, if it hadn't been 
for the spike of pub- 
lic nedla on this case, 
would these men be go- 



ing 1 



D jail for mur- 
der? Would this case 
even be given a second 
look? 

All these question 

wonder , what othei 
trials and cases such 
as these are going on 
that no one sesns • Vj 
know about? 

If you would like 
to know more about 
the Jena Six, go to 
http://en.wlkipedia. 
org/wiki/Jena_Six. 
To contribute mon - 
ey, go to http://wiyv. 
naacpldf.org/content , 
aspx?article=22 . 

To sign a peti 
tion, go to http:// 
www.petitiononline . 
c tWaZ5 1 CqmR /petition 
html. 




introspective 



pg. 5 Oct. 3, 2007 



Sudoku 



Fill in the grid so that every row 
3x3 box contains the numbers 1 


column and 
through 9. 


1 


8 




2 


5 


4 








5 






3 










2 




6 


2 




7 






5 








5 


4 














7 


4 


8 




5 


9 


3 














1 


2 








2 






4 




5 


1 




9 










7 






4 








5 


3 


2 




9 


8 



Horoscopes 



by Erik Shepherd 



T Aries M»21-Aprl9 f\ 

\t)UareaitepfcttyaKl ^A J^ 

adoi±l&amp; ^^^ 



Libr35«pZ3-0c12Z 

The snefl of books caues you 
to become anDusedVttieie 
arethere a (ot of boolG?1he 
Limy of cause 



Looking for a place to 
advertise? how about... 

your university 
publication? 

the Communicator 



r 


Tg 


JT 


jT4l 


f^ 


TzT 


5 

5 ■ 

3 


Answers 


3 


8 


J 9 


2 


4 




6 


2 


7 


8 


3 




5 


9 


r 3 


1 * 


B 




1 


4 


? 8 


5 


7 




2 


3 


6 


4 


5 




4 


1 


D 5 


9 


8 




7 


6 


1 


3 


9 


« 


8 


5 


1 2 


7 


1 




@ 



T9UrUSApr20-May2D 

^bu tfioik yoir loud car malces 
^ a t3Qd ass. Everyone else 
thinks you jiEt need a new 



Gemini May 21- June 20 

This week you w3l ckess to 
■npress. But hstead of sayiig 
"Doesn'tshe kx)k ric^" they 
win be sayrg "Lix]k at that 
duL" 

C3nCeriiine2Mgly22 

A bmr/ wiD adc you for food 
Repate it a medley of lettuo^ 
camjtsandaspamgtBOfitwffl 
nUaleatyou-tDe^ 



ilS 



Scorpio Oct 21- Novji 

Don't be sirprised if you spend 
most of tfis week h a hoqitiaL 



Sagittarius rtov22Di-c2i 

This week eueryone arouid 
^ w3] get B^eiyttimg that 
you want Soon you wiD find 
youselfcoki brttef and stand- 
Big hsgmdiop: 

Capricorn Dec 22- Janl} 

\bu aie a veiy unhealthy 
person. F^rti^ you shoiid buy 
someVBjiicH 



LeOluly23.AiigZ2 M. A J AqUariUSlai&gt;2(hFeb1S 

Ifyouwereatacirai^aBon ^^^J This week you shoiJdtry to 
^f^ gveaVkp a bad( massage 



woiid eatyou and weryone 
vuDiJd have a good tau^ 



They wiD Bee itand uontniKh 



^fffi VirgOAiig2^S.p22 \ f 

I III AnAquariLEwa&amp;ytocpfi J^^ 

MX you a badf massage Don't let jf\ 



Pisces Feb 1»- Mar 20 

Mostofyoir friends arc fiom 
chatnKins.\bu^ to recogice 
that this is pathetic 



Ha^f9L:.a^ia^i^ 



The month of Ramadan began Thursday, Sept. 1 3, The ninth 
month, according to the Islamic calender is observed by (Vlus- 
lims across the world. Besides fasting from dawn (Fajr) to sun- 
set(Maghrib}, the period is a time dedicated toprayef,contem- 
plation.andtostrengthenfamiiyandcommunityties.Below 
is a weekly chart recognizing the prayer and fasting times. 



WED 10/3 6:25 



Manhrib Isha 



1:30 I 4:46 7:20 8:3S 



1:30 4:45 7:18 8:34 



1:29 4:43 7:17 8:32 



1:29 4:42 7:15 8:30 



41 7:13 8:29 



4:40 7:12 8:27 



1:28 4:39 7:10 8:25 



1:28 4:37 7:09 8:24 



the arts 



pg.6 Oct. 3, 2007 



B^^^ful 




1 awake. I'm lying 
in the fetal position, 
shivering, on a cold, 
cement floor. I smell. 
Like what, I'm not sure. 
My breath says vodka, 
[■ly burning nostrils say 
bleach. The sv.'eatshirt 
I'm wearing, but don't 
remember putting on 
last nlgjit. is pulled 
over my head. I'm not 
in Kansas anymore. I'm 
not at the pond where I 
was partying. And I'm 



sure as hell not in the 
comfort of my bed. 

I pull the sweat- 
shirt down to see where 
I am. Panic. Shock. 
Jail . A flickering 
.light above me, teas- 
es my hangover. Head- 
ache. Nausea. I can't 
believe this is where 
I ended up. I'm bet- 
ter than this. I stand 
as dizziness dances up 
my spine and strikes" my 

"Chow!" The officer 
yells from the cracked- 
open, cage door. A 
trustee innate stands 



behind him with a cart 
filled with trays of 
food . Ihere is more 
than one tray. I look 
around the cage and see 
a body in the comer of 
the room curled up like 
I Vias . He 's wearing 
county blues , I look 
down . So am I . 

I walk to the door 
and grab a tray. My 
stonach screams as it 
tries to digest the 
fifth of vodka and hand- 
ful of beers I drank 
last night. I decide 
not to torture it any 
further. The other in- 



ORAmm... 


Ml note; 




immAHmior 
msomi 

DEAL AND DRmHOHt 
IHAHPHOttVlHm. 


. 


*» mm 


■^^ 






/ 


"' 1 


r^\\i 


LOGON TO &gt; 1 
I 


ft^^J^^^I^Kjfl 


vimamcollegegl 


'^MiMjIJ 


.•ei..v.ol., @oU.&lt;.,&lt; ^, ■=r„«T,.« - - - I^BATinN HUMMn&gt; ■l_ - 


Take by Residency an|c^^^^^^^H^^^ 
See dealer OH Visll v;ww.GMCol[eg^^^^^^^^^^^^ 



iiHte eyeballs niy tray 

me on the cement bench 
that aligns each of the 
four walls. 

"Hey, you want this?" 
I ask. 

"Hell yeah!" He 
stands, walks over, and 
takes the tray. 

I watch him eat. 
All animals need their 
fill. I wonder when he 
ate last. He looks up. 
I look away. He looks 
up again. I stare. He 
speaks. 

"So what you in 
for? " The crust from 
the bologna sand- 
wich dangles from 
his mouth. 

"I think I was 
arrested for OWI, 
The last thing I 
remember was ar- 
guing with my ex- 
girlfriend, get- 
ting slapped, and 
driving away." 
"Ha , that 

"Yeah, I suppose 
so. Do you know 
what time it is?" 

"Well , chflt was 
lunch. . . so about 
11." 

"Hmn. . . why does 
it smell like 
bleach in here?" 

"They use it to 
clean up the puke 
from the drunks." 

"Yumny . " 

I usually don't 
judge a book by 
its cover. But 
his physical ap- 
pearance, calm de- 
meanor, and puiic- 
- tual answer tell 
me he's done this 
before. So, I 
ask him lAat he's 
in for. He says 
he was dnmk and . 
fought his son. I 
don't pursue the 
questioning. I 
figure anyone who 
fights his own son 
has a hell-of-a- 
story to tell and 
I don't want to 

My hangover 
taps me on the 
shoulders, says 
I want sleep. I 
lie back down on 
the cold, cement 
floor. Fetal po- 
sition. Sweat- 
shirt over head. 
I sleep. 

I awake to a fa- 
miliar sound. The 
sound of release. 
I pull the sweat- 
shirt down just 
below ray eyes to 
see the other in- 




ing 

opposite 

into a steel toilet. 

I'm disgusted. 

This is all her 
fault. She had to pro- 
voke me. knowing that 
when I'm plastered I 
get crazy. I bet I 
said some harsh stuff 
for her to slap ms into 
driving drunk. 

The toilet flush- 
es . He looks at itie. 
speaks. 

"So you got a name?" 

"Yeah, it's Jason, 
What's yours?" 

"Haines. John. Nice 

"Yeah, same. You 
know how long they' 1-1 
keep me here?" 

"OWI... 24 hours, 
pal. And you got here 
around four in the 

leaving 'til then." 
"Nice." 



"I don't have a 
problem. I'm just 
among the elite 
of partiers.Yeah, 
maybe I party too 
much. But am I an 
alcoholic? No way." 



Even though I have 
a new, knowledgeable 
friend, I would much 
rather be the Hulk so I 
could bust through these 
walls and runi Just 
run. Run sonawhere, 
but novrfiere. I'm sick 
of her. This is her 
fault, not mine. 

I leave in 17 hours. 
I hope I can sleep that 
long. I give it a 
shot. . 

The time has fi- 
nally arrived. I hear 
the officer at the cage 
door, shouting my name, 
I hop up, say my good- 
byes to John, and walk 
to checkout. They take 
their time preparing my 
papers. They have no- 
vrtiere to be. The of- 
ficer, finally, slides 



a stack of 
paf&gt;ers under- 
neath the window, 
^ys sign these . date 
them, and nake sure the 
address is correct. I 
sign them like a doctor 
hurrying to the next 
patient . 

After I finish, an- 
other officer asks me 
to hand over my blues, 
then walks me out. My 
mother is waiting in 
the parking lot, lean* 
ing against the driver 
side door. She's been 
crying. Her neck is 
blotchy, eyes shot, face 
sad. She hugs me vrfien I 

reach the car, I pull 

back, ashamed that I've 
embarrassed my family 
and myself. She looks 
me in the eyes, says. 

"Do you remember 
anything? " 

"A little." 

"Do you remember 
driving 20 minutes 
to the fill station, 
paying for two ener- 
gy drinks with your 
keys , then saying you 
don't want to drive 
to the cop standing 
in line behind you." 

"Nope, I sure 

"I figuced. Well. 
I think "someone" 
helped you out a lit- 
tle." 

"Yeah, I sup- 
fjose." 

I get in the pas- 
senger seat. On the 
drive home. I sit and 
stare out the win- 
dow. I don't speak. 
I just think. 

I don't have a 
problem. I 'm just 
among the elite of 
partiers. Yeah, may- 
be I party too much. 
But am I an alcohol- 
ic? No way. 

It ' s Satur - 

day morning. Court 
is Monday. I call 
around. asking if 
anyone is partying 
tonight. They ate. 
So am I. 

I'm just not ready 
to change. At least, 
not this weekend. 



&amp; entertainment 



pg. 7 Oct. 3, 2007 



'Yuma' modernizes a classic and keeps the spirit alive 



By KATTmiU ANDERSOJ 



The remake of the 
raovie "3:10 to Yuma" 
is an adventure -packed 
Western with superb 
acting and elanents 
that can appeal to au- 
diences of all genres. 

Set in Arizona in 
the late 1800s, a no- 
torious outlaw and 
his gang have orches- 
trated more than 20 
major robberies and 
have killed dozens. A 
struggling rancher in 
a rut ^Ad lacks the 
admiration of his sons 
and wife falls victim 
to the outlaws' trans- 
gressions. Tile lead- 
er of the outlaws is 
caught and the rancher 
agrees to help escort 
the outlaw to a pris- 



on train, the 3:10 to 
Yuma, for a reward of 
S200. Throughout the 
mission, the guards 
are subjected to the 
wrath of the outlaw's 
gang, Apache Indians, 
and moral dilemmas. 
The movie itself is a 
journey of adventure, 
tribulation, and vi- 
brant characteriza- 

llie acting, could 
possibly be the best 
of this year . Chris - 
tian Bale plays the 
rancher , Dan Evans , 
who appears both quiet 
and passive. thougjn 
one can easily detect 
his mental anguishes of 
being an ordinary man 
without an extraordi- 
nary legacy . Russell 
Crowe plays Ben Wade, 
the stone-cold leader 
of a brutal pack of 



outlaws, and attempts 
to repress any shred of 
his own human decency 
and morality, Charlie 
Prince, played by Ben 



Foster, plays Wade's 
right-hand man and ap- 
pears equally if not 
more villainous than 
his boss . However, 



he exhib- 




fllm's central ideas. 
More can be gathered 
from the Intensity of 
the actors ' physical 
demeanors and expres- 
sions. 

Another interest- 
ing elanent of "3 : 10 
to Yuma" is Its broad 
appeal to audiences . 
While one may not be 
particularly fond of 
cowboy Western movies, 
they may enjoy psycho- 
analyzing the dynamic 
psyches of the charac- 
ters. History buffs 
would enjoy the film's 
historical perspec- 
tives, while others 
can simply take in the 
film's surface, as it 
Is brinming with in- 
tense action sequenc - 
es and beautiful set- 
tings. However, those 
who are in favor of 
chick- flicks may not 



find the film too ap- 
pealing, as there are 
very little if any el- 
ements of romance. 

Despite today's 

overabundance of me- 
diocre remakes , "3 : 10 
to Yuma" offers a mod- 
em take of the clas- 
sic but does not stray 
from the original ' s 
premise. The violence 
is a hit edgier but 
not ridiculous or dis- 
tracting. The action 
sequences may Insti- 
gate some nail-biting 
and could have viewers 
on the edges of their 
seats, but they are 
gritty and not over- 
ly stylized or showy. 
■'3:10 to Yuma" is a 
filjn that can be en- 
joyed by thrill-seek- 
ers of today and the 
cowboys at heart, and 
doesn't have the orig- 



/Screaming' for a better book 



At some point every- 
one thinks they' re at 
least a little crazy. 
This story invites the 
reader into the life 
and mind of a success- 
ful professional who 
truly "cracks up." 

"But Inside I'm 
screaming" takes read- 
ers into the thoughts 
of Isabel, the narra- 
tor. Isabel was a suc- 
cessful professional in 



the field of journalism 
until a live news cover- 
age freezes her ug and 

causes a breakdown. She 
goes home and decides 



that she i 



c able t 



"...the execution 
of this particular 
book was just not 
up to par." 



rehab center /mental . 
Stitution and where I 
story Eeally gets gjS]' 

ing- 

Portraying the mind 
who doesn't 
_ think the 



style 

and de- 

to kill herself using a 
bottle of pills. Isabel 
is unsuccessful , how- 
ever, and ends up in a 



but 




I think 
Flock nakes it more 
difficult than it has 
to be. It is under- 
standable that this 
bestselling author nay 
"dumb down" her writ- 
ing to nake it sound 
as though it is com- 
ing from the mind of a 
mental patient , but if 
this is the technique 
Flock wished to pres- 
■=nt, she should have 
gone a little further 
■~-ith it. 

It is like any other 
artfonn: if the author 
vjlshes to break the rules 
!in this case, the rules 
rif interesting story = 
'-filling) then he/she must 
[i;ally break than. The 
[ijddle- ground of writ- 
1 iig technique portrayed 
in this story makes it 
iiifficult to believe that 
ir was done on purpose, 
and makes the story very 
difficult to read. There 
is no doubt in my mind 
that this is an excellent 
author, and the storyline 
was interesting, but the 
execution of this par- 
ticular book was just 
not up to par. 



A well seasoned opening for 
the Fort Wayne Philharnnonic 



_jy,.ia JISA.^:ig.SCTj. 



Tbe Fort Wayne Phil- 
harmonic opened its 
Fall 2007 Spectrum Se- 
ries with a collection 
of season themed music. 
Works performed included 
selections from The Four 
Seasons by Vivaldi, Tlie 
Four Seasons of Buenos 
Aires by Argentinean 
composer Astor Piazzolla 
and A Number of Months 
from Tchaikovsky's The 
Seasons op. 37. 

The Vivaldi and Pi- 
azzolla were 

performed in- 
terchangeably, 
first Vivaldi's 
Spring then Pi- 
azzolla'sAutumn 
because. Con- 
ductor Tchiv- 
zhel explained, 
what is spring to us is 
fall to South Jijnerica. 
Regan Kreigh narrated 

For each of Vivaldi's 
seasons, a short illus- 
trative poem described 
the action of the music. 
Throughout the concert, 
one could feel the sweet 
zephyr of spring, hear 
a sunmer cuckoo, drowse 
to the calm of autumn or 
shiver with the frigid 
staccato of winter. It 
is not known whether 
Vivaldi wrote his own 
sonnets to accompany 
the music, however they 
perfectly describe the 
action of the notes. 



Piazzolla' s 
xava -3- blx more com- 
plex. Known for invent- 
ing the 'nuevo tango' 
in the 1960's, Piazzol- 
la infused his seasons 
with furious' rhythms 
and crunchy percussion. 
Unlike Vivaldi's Sea-, 
sons, Pi'az^olla's move- 
ments v,-ere created over 
a period of about six 
years and can be played 
separately. 

Violinist Yuka Kado- 
ta performed all the 
violin solos to both 
seasons. Her terrific 
musical technique al- 



"TTiroughout the concert, one could 

feel the sweet zephyr of spring, 

hear a summer cuckoo, drowse to 

the calm of autumn or shiver with 

the frigid staccato of winter." 



for the magazine Nou- 
velliste from Deceriier. 
1875 to ttevambec. 1876. 
As Tchivzhel explained. 
Tchaikovsky ordered one 
of his servants to re- 
mind him every month 
when a new piece was due 
to send in to the pub- 
lisher. So the servant 
did - one or two days 
before the deadline. 
Happily. Tchatkovsl^ 
was able to compose each 
I season in a couple of 

Originally writ- 

ten for piano, these 
works were so popular 
___^__ that they were 
arranged for 
iteny different 



lowed for a seamless 
alternation between Ba- 
roque and modem musi- 
cal styles . Also spe- 
cial to the performance 
was the lighting. As the 
seasons progressed, the 
backdrop would glow in 
a riot of blues and pur- 
ples for winter, orange 
and red for sunmer and a 
. glcfwing moon during the 
autumn. One could almost 
feel the grass whisper 
beneath the music. 

For the second half 
of the concert, the or- 
chestra performed eight 
of Tchaikovsky's The 
Seasons . These pieces 
were originally written 



The orchestral 
score used for 
this concert 
isas created by 
Aleksandr Gauk 
in 1942. 

I-lonths performed 

for this concert were: 
Febrtiary . April . June , 
August . September , Oc- 
tober, November and De- 
cember . Each movement 
was a delightful' snip- 
pet of Tchaikovslq''s 
lighter side. August 
{"Harvest Time") was 
a vigorous dance with 
shimmering strings: 

September ("Hunting") 
thundered with winds , 
brass and a flash of 
snare drum; ttecen- 
ber ("Christmas-Tide-) 
sparkled with a waltz- 
like rhythm and chiming 
celeste. 



student life 



pg.8 Oct. 3, 2007 



Job fair at IPFW 
is good business 



k Video Games: 
Page 02 

ski jumping. s 
hula-hooping ^ 
by monitoring ' 
a person's bal- 
ance. Accord- 
ing to many in 
. the gaming in - 
dustry. Wii Fit 
will likely be 



ness benefits. 

Video games do m 
cause mental, moral, t 
physical deficiencit 



.consoles such as the Nintendo 

Wii have broken the molds of 

typical gaming systems, as they 

require the player to get off the 

couch and move around." 



cause it is fun and 
also has actual fit- 



per se. An individu- games 
al's lack of priority lent 



self -discipline 
more accurately 
tributed to such 
ems. Video games 
are effective 
in alle\n.ating 
stress, though 
just like any 
other vice, you 
can have too 
much of a good 
thing. In mod- 

can be an excel - 



relii 









long as 
s life 

volve around 





mnibus ^cture geries 




■ 



Carl Bernstein 

journalist and author 

Dysfunction: The State 

of American Politics 

and Journaiism Today 

Wednesday 

October 10,2007 

7:30 p.m 

The Rhinehart Mustc Center 

Free public lecture 



In ttie early igzos, Carl Bernstein and Bub Wondwanl broke the 

Watergate story for TTje Wast}ington Post Ttieir Investigations into the 

scandal that lirought down the presidency of Richard Nixon were 

recounted In two of the biggest-selling books of the decade: 

All the President's Men (made into a movie) and TTje Final Days. 

Tlirbugh various media, Bernstein confa'nues to build on the theme 

he and Woodward first explored in the Nixon years — 

the use and abuse of all aspects of power. 

IPFW 

FoRj Wayne Newspapers 

TllENEWi-StNTINfL aTHE JOUFlNAlGAZnTE 

Lecture Sponsor Fort Wayne Newspapers 



WtfiTaMMi'lTlllil 



H!^&amp;EE 



fly LOUISA DANIELSON 



On Wed . September 
26 , Walb Student 
Union was a teeming 
hive of businesses 
- rather, business - 
to-be. Companies 
from the Fort \Jayne 
area set up tables 
wi-th brochures and 
applications to 
help students dis- 
cover what types 
of employment are 
available here. 

"We had 70 em- 
ployers - the most 

said Director of 
IPFVJ's Career Ser- 
vices, Jill Parker. 
Some 300 students 
came to explore jobs 
and sample differ- 
ent companies. This 
fair was specifi- 
cally aimed at IPFVJ 
alumni . graduate 
students and se- 



■' (We want to) 
let them know of 
jabs and employ- 
ment available "^ 
(here) " Parker ' 
remarked. 

According to 
Maria Brenneke . 
this is an an- 
nual event held 
every fall . The 
goal is to in- 
troduce stu- 

dents to po - 
tential employers . 
It also helps stu- 
dents prepare for 
the business world 

pected to dress 
professionally and 
have copies of 
their resume when 
they visit differ- 
ent company booths . 
Several of the 
companies present 
were: World Finan- 
cial Group, Bluff - 
ton Motor Works LLC. 
Briljent. Family 
Video Movie Club , 
Gordon Food Ser - 
vice, Grace Theo- 
logical Seminary 
and Fort Wayne Met- 
als. 

Dennis Shipley. 
Registered Nurse, 
represented Angel 
Corps , Home Nurs- 
ing Services. First 
Call, and Dorian 
Maples . As clini- 
cal director for 
Home Nursing Sec- 



■ ' ' '" ..'J, 




cussed some of the 
jobs available in 
the medical field. 

"(I)f someone's 
ini:erested in di - 
rect care, they can 
start (with) Angel 
CoE-ps end Invest:! - 
gate the personal 
care thing" Shipley 
said. 



"Some 300 students came 
to explore jobs and sample 

different companies. This 
fair was specifically aimed 

at IPFW alumni, graduate 
students and seniors." 



Angel Corps pro- 
vides non-medi- 
cal support to help 
people stay at home 
longer. Dorian Ma- 
ples provides geri- 
at ric nursing care 
management and also 



Phoro By Louisa Oanielson 
allottfs patients to 
remain at home in- 
stead of moving to 
a retirement facil- 
ity. 

" (It provides) a 
set of eyes closer 

Care is being driven 
more into the home." 
Dorian said. 

This 
fifth annu- 
al job fair 
was hosted 
by the IPFW 
Career Ser- 
vices. For- 
merly part 
of ACCS. Ca- 
reer Servic- 
es opened its 
own office at the end 
of August . TWo oth- 
er job fairs will be 
held in the spring, 
the Summer Job -and 
Internship Fair in 
March and t;he Expo 
in April. - 




vices, Shipley dis- 



Photo By Louisa Daniels on 



Oct. 3, 2007 



Student life 



pg.9 



I i r~T-i 



IPFW Spotlight on Anime 101 



BY STEPHH) HDRNER 




For the uninitiated , 
"anine" specifically 
refers to a style of 
animation developed in 
Japan, and "manga" is a 
precursor of anime in 
cranic book fonn. Ihis 
artistic tradition re- 
flects a rich cultural 
background that - vi 

mucfi as America's 
Hollywood. Psy- 
chological . soci- 
ological and cul- 
tucal difference: 
present themselves 
as incredibly fasci- 
nating, drav,dng view- 
_ ecs-no seek a deeper 
understanding of Japan 
in light of their o'*n 
culture . 

Howevet , anijrie has 
been heavily coiuner- 
cialized for the Unit- 
ed States in the past. 
Host successful fran- 
chises were re-dubbed 
with a poor English 
voice cast , and plot 
lines were crudely Diod- 
Ified to accQTiKjdate 
cultural differences 
and the misconception 
that these "cartoons" 
were nieant exclusively 
for a young audience . 
TMs history of in- 
tercultural mistrans- 
lation and misuse has 
nade anime inaccessible 



to I 



: of - 






tial fan base in the US 
for far too long. 

Thankfully. this 
has changed . In the 
Spring of 2002, Jessica 



Hacks was determined 
to share this art form 
and cinema in its 
original Japanese 
glory with the 
students of IPEVI. 
After drafting 
a constitution 
and training as 
president. she 
founded Anime 101 
without looking 
back ever since. 

with her , she 
fondly describes 
the growth of her 
club from several 
members to dozens 
of members. 
Many of the regu- 
lars are accomplished 



and 



their own right , and 
Emerson araang them has 
much to share . 
Joe pres- 



phasized before, pre- 
serving the Japanese 
language and full ex- 
pressions therein un- 
veils amazing flow, vrit 
and tact, as well 
as unfamiliar ex- 
pressions of emo- 
tion, whether in 
facial expressions 
or onomatopoeia . 
that are unique to 
Japanese 



Yet something 
familiar to our 
world can be traced 
back through to 
the origin of this 
Japanese tradi - 
tion. Osatmi Te- 
2uka. who is said 
to have been in- 
spired by Walt Dis- 




inviting fellow audi - 
ence helps, too. Re- 
member these things as 
you visit Anime 101 and 
join them as a member. 




Event Calendar 

Regular Meetings 
Every Friday, 6pm- 10pm 

Sept 28, in Walb room 222 
Oct 5-Dec 21, in Science Building room 185 
Room may change in following semesters to 
reflect needs. Updates for all events can be 
found through the mailing list and the web 

Special Event 
All Day Anime Halloween Party 
Saturday. October 27th, lOam-lOpra 
Trivia contest, custom contests... 
Halloween -themed anime featured... 
Donations accepted for this event. 

Further special events will be announced 
througji the following channels. 
Hailing List 

http://groups.yahoo.coni/group/animGl01us/ 
Web Site 
http://animelOl.jadegrel.net/ 










the currently 
running series of anime 
with care and under the 
guidance of the current 
club president. Sarah. 
In addition to week- 
ly showings. Anime 101 
has become a regular 
attendant of such con- 
ventions as Ohayocon. 
Reactor and Anime Cen- 
tral. Zrana, as Jessica 
is also knoiATi as. ex- 
plained that Anime 101 
members have attended 
these conventions to- 
gether neny times and 
have even participated 
in cos play. 

Cosplay is the com- 
bination of the words 
■ and "role- 
play . " This 
tradition from 
Japan involves 
■jr(?s3ing up 
and role play- 
ing as char- 
acters from 

games. Of 
course, such 
is optional . 
but it clearly 
trates 
the beloved 
passion and 
tvity of 
the fans. 

As em- 



sidered to be "the 
Japanese Disney" by 
nany. or "the God 
of Manga" by oth- 
ers, is widely held 
to be the father of 
anime. Anyone who 
has ever appreci- 
ated the early 
works of Disney 
will notice the 
semblance 
: Tezuka ' s 

vrfiich first 

Japanese 
television in 
1953. 

For students 
with interest in 
another culture 
lush in creativity 
and style. Anime 
101 will provide 
a looking glass 
into another world. 
Reading subtitles 
to experience this 
untamed art form 
with its original 
Japanese cast will 
unveil a wealth of 
subtlety and imagi- 
nation. Unfamiliar 
dramatic turns in 






watrti r^r .eit&gt;at Weekly f/Hnk Specials 



HslMMiiffiii 

llonday - 50 cent Wings + FREE Frencdf ri^sr-.- 
'.Tuesday -1/2 Price Pizza and Nachos, ■ ^ 
Wednesday • fisli Dinnef -All Your Can Eat, $9.95 
fiiyrsday-FREECOVERW/THISCOUPON. 
rAlSORECIEVEAVIP WEEKEND PASS 
to PUJCH«E WroOD_ONTHURSDAY,_ ' 



-m Si Groove 
Fri, Synergy 
Sat, Plow 



3 



m-yt 



^ GOOD /.A GOOD ^ \ 

T'^ THURSDAYS ^ THURSDAYS T^ , 

Rgtecoupon j on IQtf &amp; Mlfe ^^o^ 



of clev- 








^^^H 


er story 
telling 
might 




Jp^-t V//ay'&gt;« s n?\^ 


T t;J\Jl^^^r^n 


^H 




W ' ' - - ■ 


-^^^^ ti 


■^-^'''''flP 


■^i^'M 


make you 


1 ^n 


"T^BT**^^*. .J 


think. 


■ 




^^E^ ^^^ 


^^H^l 


There 


1 B 


^\ — — —^^KC^tm IK" 


^^^^^ ^^^ 


^^■^1 




■ 'V 


"" T ^^^B^ w .^ l^S 


^^■| .^B . 


i^^^^^H 


enter - 


I— '^ 


■^^^*W^^ .^^ 




^^^^H 


t a i n ■ 




^^^fc^ .^^^ ■ .^^— 


j^^ 


^^^^H 


ment to 




^j^^fc^..^^' J^^^^H 


Bb^ 


^^^^H 


be had. 


i , . , _ 


9 ^Km^B ^I 


^H^^ 


&lt;^^^^H 


and ev- 


^^^^^^^ 


^-. / ^Kr ^B^M^^^I 


^^^^H 


^^^^H 


eryone i^ 




K .' ^^ l^^^^^l 


^^^^V 


^1 


welcome. 




K Y ^^M^^ta ^^^3 


i^^^H 


H 


H I gh - 




!t ^^^^^f^ ^^^ 


^H^M 


^1 


defi- 
nition 




^jggii/j^*-^^ ^^^^ 


^^^^^ ''^X.,.! 


^^1 


projec- 




UibbB'v ^^^* 1 A^H 


^^ 


^^^^^H 


tion of 
this con- 




VuSm PiV^ 




^^1 


tent and 




IH|L^.^.^:T . 




JHI 



Ortober 3, 2007 



sports 



pg.lO 



Big Ones: Five 

Games to 

Watch This 

Week 



Former Penn State player 
found guilty of murder 



Cal at Ocegon: It's 
the best thing on your 
television since at 
least last night. Also 
glue your corneas to 
West Virginia at USF; 
Michigan State at Wis- 
consin r Kansas State 
at Texas; and Auburn at 
Florida. Don't use Su- 
perglue. 

University of 
Memphis foot- 
ball player mur- 
dered 



Unii 



;ity 



Memphis football 
player was shot 
and killed Sunday 
night, leading of- 
ficials to cancel 
classes Monday and 
.briefly lock down 
the campus with the 



Shoi 



ill 



Former Penn State 
football player LaVon 
Chisley was sentenced 
to life in prison after 
a jury convicted him of 
the first- and third - 
degree Diurdec of Penn 
State senior Langs ton 
Carraway shortly after 
5 p.m. Friday. 

The jury, which de- 
liberated for about 
seven hours, found 23- 
year-old Chisley guilty 
of stabbing and slash- 
ing Carraway 93 times 
in the chest, neck and 
abdomen. 

Carraway 's body was 
found in his Patton 
Township apartment June 
5. 2006. 

Chisley ' s face re- 
mained blank as he re- 
ceived his verdict and 
was quickly vMsked 
away by deputies. De- 
fense attorney Karen 
Huir , tearful . hugged 
Chisley's father, say- 
ing over and over 
again , "I 'm so sorry. 

Upon hearing the ver- 
dict, Chisley's moth- 




Photo by Cassie leymarie 
U-WIRE 

Bible in hand, LaVon Chis- 
ley exits the Centre County 
Courthouse Annex In Bell e- 
fonte on Friday evening after 
being found guilty of first- 
and third-degree murder 

er, Sharon Cannon, 
sank her face into her 
daugjiter ' s shoulder 
and sobbed. Carraway's 
girlfriend , Desiree 

Bindus , also began to 
cry and was comfort- 
ed by the deceased ' s 
brother, Quincy Car- 

Centce Counry Pres- 
ident Judge Charles 
Brown sentenced Chisley 



College R)otball Update 



AP Top 25 Poll 

1. LSU (33) 

2. use (32) 

3. California 

4. OInio State 

5. Wisconsin 
6. South Florida 

7. Boston College 
8. Kentucky 

9. Florida 

10. Oklahoma 

11. South Carolina 

12. Georgia 
13. West Virginia 

14. Oregon 

15. Virginia Tech 

16. Hawaii 

17. Missouri 

18. Arizona State 

19. Texas 

20. Cincinnati 

21. Rutgers 

22. Clemson 
23. Purdue 

24. Kansas State 
25. Nebraska 



life 

the spot. Pennsylvania 
law requires a mandato- 
ry life sentence with- 
out the possibility of 
parole for first-degree 
murder convictions. 

Attorneys presented 
more than 200 pieces of 
evidence in four days. 
Vmile Centre County 
District Attorney Mi- 
chael Madeira admitted 
the case was largely 
"circumstantial" ear- 
lier in the trial, he 
said the jurors made 
the right decision. 

Three-and-a-half 
hours into delibera- 
tion, the jury asked 
Brovm to replay the 
testimony of Pennsyl - 
vania State Police Cpl . 
Randy Mocello, who had 
told the court Wednes- 
day about specifics 
regarding bloody foot- 
prints found at the 
crime scene. 

The footprints , found 
both on carpet and lino- 
leum in the apax-tment. 
matched the shoe size, 
type and tread wear as 
shoes police believed 
Chisley owned. 

"That was the final 

linchpin they wanted , " 
^^dei^a said. 



Michigan freshman 
Chambers ineligible 
for entire season 



. Freshman Michigan 
safety Artis Chambers 
will not play for the 
rest of the season be- 
cause of an eligibility 

Michigan Athletic Di- 
rector Bill Martin in- 
formed the media about 
the decision during 
halftime of Michigan's 
28-16 victory over 
Hbrthwestem on Satur- 

But Chambers may not 
be the biggest loss the 
Michigan football team 
suffers from the inci- 

Since Chambers played 
in the team's first 
four games . the Wol - 
verines may face dis- 
ciplinary action. 

Chambers, who en- 
rolled a sanest er early 
in January, was eli- 
gible under NCAA rules 
but not Big Ten rules. 
When the team found out 
on Thursday, it ijime- 
d lately took Chambers 

off its active rostei , 
Martin said. 

Martin said the in- 



cident had to do with 
Chambers being a mld- 
sanester freshnan, and 
how Michigan incor - 
rectly applied an old 

Martin would not rule 
out the possibility of 
having to forfeit the 
team's win over Penn 
State. 

"We'll have to wait 
and see what the Big 
Ten says." Martin said. 
"1 can't rule anything 
out. 1 would think 
we ' 11 get resolution 
sometijne this week," 

Martin also couldn't 
elaborate on whether 
or not the eligibil- 
ity issue was acadsnic 
or not. citing federal 
privacy rules. Mar- 
tin did emphasize that 
it was his fault, not 
Michigan coach Lloyd 
Carr's. 

Other officials, in- 
cluding Carr, are also 
remaining tight-lipped 
on the situation. 

"I'm not going to 
get into that , other 
than to say it's a real 

dlsappointsiant.." Cacc 




Join IPFW's Student Section and 

help root the "Don's 

onto victory! 

E-mail us to sign up today: 
promotions(@ipfw.edu 



Attend Our First Organizational 

meeting 

Wednesday October 10th 

6:30pm 
Gates Sports Center Classroom 

Pizza will be served! 

Please RSVP your attendance to 

the above email address! 



October 3. 2007 



sports 



mlL 



Deja vu plagues OJ Simpson 



By ANDREW FERRELL 



Heisman trophy vdn- 
ner . Number one draft 
pick. Played in the Na- 
tional Football League. 
Inducted into the NFL 
Hall of Fame. Have a 
guess as to who this 
person is? No... ok 
fair enough. 

1\«) tine All -Ameri- 
can at use. First to 
rush 2,000 yards in a 
single season. 

Played his NFL ca- 
reer with the Buffalo 
Bills and San Francis- 
co ^9ers. Any guess? 
Still no, maybe yes? 

How about these 
clues... On trail for 
the murder of Nicole 
Brown Sinpson and Ron- 
ald Goldman but later 
acquitted in criminal 

Or how about, found 
liable in civil court 
for the nairder of Simp- 
son and Goldman. And 
most recently, arrest- 
ed ■ foe robbery in Lds 

I do not even have to 
ask for a guess now. at 
this point you are very 



1 the person men- . felony "charges that 

tioned ±E O.J. Simpson. could potentially sen- 

In which I reply, "What tence him to life in 

clue gave it away?" jail. Do you think 

You. 



.000 



"My trail has been named "the Trail of tfie 
Century..,! am found not guilty. I am given a 
"gel out of jail free" card and twelve years 
later I am arrested again for robbeiy and 
kidnapping." 



but in all sanity let's 
not joke around and ad- 
mit that you knew the 
person \stien I mentioned 
murder and not guilty. 
While some might re- 
msnier Simpson as the 
great football play- 



the 



■ he vai 
ity will 
as "the robber who was 
rairaculously acquitted 
for murder . " 

Yes, Simpson is back 
in the news, but this 
time it is not for mur- 
der charges, it is for 
his new book release, 
"If I Robbed Him..." 
Siiqjson was arrested 
Sept. 16 for 10 felo- 
ny charges including 
armed robbery and kid- 
napping. 

On Wednesday he ap- 
peared in court for the 



Simpson is experienc - 
ing D4j3 vu? 

How ironic is it 
that he walks on a 
double-murder rap but 
might die behind bars 
for robbing his own be- 
longings? It sounds 
like a bad movie. 

Let's analyze this. 
I was put on trail for 
the murder of my wife 
and friend. My trail 
has been named "the 
Trail of the Century." 
I assemble the best 
attorneys in the land. 
All the evidence points 
to me and yet I am found 
not guilty. I am giv- 
en a "get out of jail 
free" card and twelve 
years later I am ar- 
rested again for rob- 
bery and kidnapping. 



^fy expiration date 
is approaching. 

This is so pathet- 
ic I am even talking 
about this because if 
it were not for John- 
nie Cochran, Simpson 
would already be in 
prison and he u-ould not 
be able to conmit these 

Ok. . . so the jury 
made a bad decision. 
Simpson obviously does 
not have very much com- 
mon sense. Why didn't 
he just talk to the 
owner about getting his 
stuff back? 

It seems there would 
be a better way of do- 
ing it. He could have 
at least asked Robert 
Shapiro for advice on 
getting his belongings 
back. 

After all, Shapiro, 
along with Simpson's 
other lawyers in the 
murder case helped him 
fight off a sure con- 
viction. 

At any rate'. T hope 
this time around Simp- 
son's lawyer can also 
find a catchy slogan 
because if the glove 
does fit, you must not 
acquit . 



Ladies no match for Mastodons, IPFW wins 3-0 



Courtesy of IPFW 
Department of Athleti;= 

TTie Mastodons wrapped 
up their conference road 
trip at Centenary Col- 
lege on Saturday night. 
IPEW bounced back from 
Friday night's match at 
Oral Roberts with a 3-0 
win over the Ladies of 
Centenary. 

IPFW defeated Cen- 
tenary, 30-18. 30-15. 
■ 30-24. 

Game one started off 
close until Cynara Mar- 
tins knocked .down a kill 
to put "the 'Dons ahead 
9-8. Mayara Schlind- 
wein helped the 'Dons 
go ahead by five at the 
15-10 mark. From there 
the 'Dons rolled, tak- 
ing game one. 30-18. 

Game two was almost a 
carbon copy of game one. 
with the 'Dons taking a 
five point lead on a 
kill by Taryn Parker at 
the 15-10 mrk. A 6-0 
run at the end would 
put the 'Dons ahead 2-0 
after game two ended. 
30-15. 

The Mastodons were 




The Mastodons (9-7. 
3-3 Sumnit League) will 
now prepare for Bowling 
Green State on T\jesday, 
October 2nd. hfetch time 
is 7 PM. 

IPFW will host South 
Dakota State and lUPUI 
on Friday and Saturday 
nights respectively . 
Both are Sunndt League 
conference Hatches and 
are in the Gates Center 
starting at 7 p.m. 



off to yet another fiv^. 
point lead at the 15-l(j 
mark in game three, but 
this time the Ladies 
put a fight, tying the 
match at 19. IPFW took 
a three point lead at 
'the 20-23 nark and held 
out for the game and 
the match. 30-24. 

IPFW was led by Sch- 
lindwein and Jessica 
Miller, each with 12 
kills. Schlindwein hit 
an impressive .632. go- 
ing 12 of 19 with no 

Jessica Daninlak 



on the nighl , yhe had 
36 assists and 15 digs 
and added five block 
assists. 

Peachy Jankowski dug 
13 balls while Rebekali 
Roehm had one block 
solo and five block as- 
sists. 

The Centenary Ladies 
Vi-ere led by Stepha- 
nie Hobaugh with seven 
kills and five digs. 

Yvonne Ramirez had 
nine digs and Lindsay 
Bekelja dished out 24 
assists . 



Upcoming Home 
Matches 




Sal. Oct. 6th 7pm 



Athletic Events 

for 10/03-10/10 

Friday. October 5th 

Hen's Soccer vs. Centenary 7pm 

Women's Soccer at SDSU 7pm 
Women's Volleyball vs. SDSU 7pm 

Saturday. October 6th 

Women's Volleyball vs. IITPUI 7fHn 

Sunday, October 7th 

Men's. Soccer at Bowling Green 4pm 
Women's Soccer at NDSU 12pm 

Monday. October 8th 

Men's Golf at IPFW Invite 

Tuesday. October 9th 

Hen's Golf at IPFW Invite 

Est MooB Infbfrmatiari 
about IPFWMieltics 

checkout the 
Mastodons Online: 

www. gomastodons . com 



Would you like to see more 
sports coverage in 
The Communicator? 

The Communicator is 
NOW Hiring 
Sports Writers 

Positions are paid, and 
provide invaluable experi- 
ence, regardless of degree 
area 
Contact editor-in-chief 
Jessie Ruckerman at 
nickjlOl @ipfw.edii 




1 



I 





AND llfEKNOWLEDCiETHTniF fDROI 
MY PHONE DOWN THE SEWER, ALL MY 
FRIENDS' NUMBERS WONT GO WITH IT. 




My Contacts Backup from 
U.S. Cellular' gives you the peace 
of mind and security of knowing you 
can rescue all your contacts, even 
if you can't {or would rather not) 
rescue your phone. 

U.S. Cellular is wireless 
where you matter most?" 



^U.S.CeUular 



dujmmi«i«fBi».eai)W.|IJJiiuhfCoipaaiiw, 



getU8C.com 1-668-8 UY-USCC 



My Contacts Backup 



Badmp ConvleU. 
123 ConbCtS 5«v«d. 

4 Conttcu UpdalM. 
D Contacti DeMad 




