Wednesday 

September 12, 2pl 



Volume 38, Issue 4 




Se^dlningU SaleS On 



life support i|^ 



Despite celebrity gimmicks, market is shot 






How do I 

RELAX in 
college? 



By SAID EL-DAJANI 

tldaenOlSipfv.cdu 

Tuesday. Tuesday, 
Tuesday! The toedla had 
dubbed this Sept. 11 as 
Super Tuesday. Wheth- 
er or not America has 
nwved on from the 9/11 
tragedy, three musical 
artists celebrated the 
day in a significant 
way. 

The music industry's 
latest attempts to 
boost album sales is 



the "beef" between 50 
Cent and Kanye West, 
two major artist who 
represent a contrast 
in style, ultimately 
working together to 
heal a market falling 
apart. CSi yeah, Kenny 
Chesney's new CD came 

So, what's vnrong with 
album sales? 

According to the In- 
stitute For Policy In- 
novation, piracy is 
making a deep impact 
for the U.S. economy. 



contributing to 71,060 
lost jobs, 38 percent 
of those in the record' 
ing industry. Heedless 
to say, album sales 
are down 13 percent 
from last year, with 
research frcm similar 
studies assuming that 
only ?,0 percent of all 
downloaded songs have 
been purchased legiti- 
mately. 

One cannot deny the 
powerful shift the 
Hisses are making to- 
wards the web. Digital 



downloading is a way 
the industry has com- 
bated piracy by moving 
the album sales market 
towards the Internet . 
Over the last year 
alone, digital down- 
loading has increased 
by 65 percent. 

On a side note, the 
music-on-DVD sector 
continues to grow., 



news 



pg.2 



Sandy Skoglund @ USF 



^ Alun sales on Efe siftport 

From Page 1 






The Presidential Gala opening was this past Sat. 8. SI&lt;oglund's exhibit 
and installation entitled breathing glass will be at the John P. Weath- 
erhead gallery at the University of Saint Francis through Oct. 26. 



the forum 

A mile in whose shoes? 



Kanye vs. 50 
vs. Chesney 



Whose music do you like best? 

Kanye West- 48% 
50 Cent- 15% 
Kenny Chesney- 37% 



Who will sell the most CD's? 

Kanye West- 45% 
50 Cent- 20% 
Kenny Chesney- 35% 



Do you intend to purchase any of these CDs? 

yes- 26% 
no- 74% 




While CD's fell In 
2002, DVD's went from 
2,000 units sold to 
nwre than 100,000. 

It is not that there 
is anything wrong with 
albums - there just 
happens to be more out- 
lets for getting music . 
The CD market is merely 
shrinking and pouring 
into other mediums. 

What about quality? 
Are these three major 
artists giving people 
what they deserve, de- 
spite the media atten- 

"50 Cent understands 
his audience." explains 
Sam Odcm. Promoter and 
President of Pretty boy 
Entertainment. "He's 
not even gangsta to me 
anymore, but he knows 
how to sell CD's." 

Ihe reality is that 
50 Cent has been con- 
sistent with his image 
and business ethics, a 
street thug trademark 
that has proven to be 
an effective formula to 
taake money. 50 Cent's 
first CD "Get Rich or 
Die Trying" was on the 
Billboard Top 50 Cent 
just this last year. 



selling over 1 million 
copies. Not to mention 
how 50 has outsold West 
even before this whole 

West on the other hand 
is considered a revo- 
lutionary, producing 
and rapping to his own 
music. His new single 
"Stronger , " samples 
the Gallic electro-duo 
Daft Punk, which de- 
fines his style of un- 
orthodox mixing tech- 
niques , sharp lyrics . 
and self glorifica- 

When it comes down 
to these hip-hop art- 
ist, their image alone 
lugh to sell al- 
The ctsnpetition 
is promising and a 
great public relations 

Then there is Kenny 
Chesney. the famous 
country singer who has 
had consecutive number 
one albums. If there is 
anything to say about 
him - it's the free 
publicity he has been 
getting from the Kanye 
vs. 50 Cent media es- 
capade. Chesney, who's 
not competing for mar- 






ket share has the 
greatest demographics 
on his side- whites, 
ages 55 to 74. 

One can be honest, 
or one could be realis- 
tic. Honestly, socio- 
economi cal ly . whit e 
males are more inclined 
to purchase albums . 
They have the money 
to spend. Realistical- 
ly, hip-hop and rap is 
geared towards whites. 
As country music and 
it's album sales have 
proven - that's where 
the money is. 

Ul t imate ly. healing 
the albtjm market is a 
lost cause. Eventual- 
ly, baby boomers (old 
people v^o have values 
and use the Internet 
less) will no longer 
exist. The underground 
market of file sharing 
will continue while 
creating significant 
income from album sales 
will be increasingly 
more difficult . As - 
pi ring artist beware- 
CD's wont sell - unless 
you've been shot nine 
times, been married to 
Renee Zellweger , or 



54 students polled 




politics &amp; money 



pg.3 



Kelty debate heats up 

Ft. Wayne politics 

Since Matt Kelty's indictment the political 
climate has grown more volatile and can- 
didates are under intense public scrutiny 



By ELAINE BAKLE 



Politics is a slip- 
pery game played by 
those who do not mind 
being scrutinized and 
put in the public 
spotlight . 

In addition, ap- 
pearances may he very 
deceiving and by the 
look of things. Matt 
Kelty . Republican 
candidate for the 
mayor of Fort Wayne , 
has had the ability 
to be seen as a rosy 
cheeked choir boy. 

Accounts from News 
Center 33 made by 
Corinne Rose in an in- 
terview with Michael 
Wolf, a professor at 
IPFW and a political 
analyst reveal that 
Kelty is a skilled 
politician, 

Kelty. 42, has 
been charged with two 
counts of perjury, 
five felony counts of 
fraudulent election 
filing and two misde- 
meanor counts of com- 
mingling campaign and 
personal funds. 

After Kelty's in- 
dictment, the GOP is 
split in its support 
for the candidate. 

The president of 
the Executive Com- 
mittee . Kenneth Neu- 
meister resigned and 
the Allen County Re- 
corder, John HcGauley 
expressed deep con- 
cern for the future of 
the Republican Party 



if its leaders are 
not willing to take a 
stand against corrup- 

With all of this 
bru-ha-ha boiling over 
in our local govern- 
ment, just how Biuch 
interest is there in 
the local political 
climate by the stu- 
dents at IPFW? 

Interviews suggest 
that most of the 18 



doing and has left 
many supporters feel- 
ing let down. 

Harple will not 
vote for Kelty and be- 
lieves that he "will 
get smashed in this 
election. " 

Evan Gregory, an- 
other student on cam- 
pus said that he would 
"rush to vote because 
of Matt Kelty's in- 
dictment . " 



"After Kelty's 

indictment, the GOP is 

split in its support for 

the candidate." 



and 19- yea 
of the ind: 



ed 



candidates 
Some were 






for mayor 
totally ■ 
ed. 

However, Nick Mar- 
pie, a 19 -year old 
freshman whose par ■ 
ents are extremely 
political said that 

has been following 



the rnayoral 
the beginning. 

He voted in 
primary and was 
appointed that 






ele( 



did 



the 
be- 
come a "media blitz" 
until after Kelty's 
indictment. 

Having voted for 
Kelty in the primary, 
he stated that Ije be- 
lieves that Kelty was 
aware of what he was 



tion and said that hi 
does not care for the 
grand standing taken 
by front runners in a 
campaign. 

Janelle Nannini . 
a senior said that 
she felt uninformed 
about the local elec- 
tion but said that her 
main concern was that 
"money taints the cam- 
paigns and I will look 
out for [the kinds of] 
people who fund cam- 
paigns . " 

Nannini expressed 
great anxiety over the 
stratification of the 
classes in the United 
States and would like 
to see a candidate 
speak out and acknowl- 
edge its existence. 



Antidepressants: Putting 
a Band-aid on Society 



By KATHRYH ANDERSON who do have legiti m ai 
andekn01@ipfw.edu ly unstable psycht 



and 



Gertrude Stein once 
famously said. "You are 
ail a lost generation." 
At the time, she was 
referring to an emerg- 
ing cynical generation 
that was disillusioned 
by World War I and 
began rejecting tra- 
ditional socioeconomic 
standards of society. 
Stein's inmortal words 
are also applicable to 
today's youth and cul- 
ture, though the state 
of being "lost" carries 
a slightly different 
connotation. 

As time progresses 
knowledge and technol- 
ogy advances , and as 
one might logically 
presume, the quality 
of life. Today there 
are several different 
means of entertain- 
ment and comnunica- 
tlon available as well 
as capacities to treat 
ailments once believed 
to be incurable. 

With an expa/iding 
field of telecomnunl- 
cations and medical im- 
provements , of course 
one could assume that 
our lives are better 
than ever. 

If this statement was 
true and if people sup- 
posedly have a greater 
capacity to cownuni- 
cate with each other, 
then why is there such 
an alarming number of 
people being diagnosed 
with depressive disor- 
ders? Why ate so many 
so unhappy? 

The Intent of this 
article is not to con- 
demn the use of antide- 
pressants. It should 
be acknowledged that 
there are individual.'; 



require medications to 
alleviate their disor- 
ders. However, one can- 
not help but ponder why 
the number of antide- 
pressant prescriptions 
is increasing at a 
near -exponential rate. 

The National Insti- 
tute of Health recently 
revealed that the num- 
ber of adolescents and 
young adults diagnosed 
with bipolar and oth- 
er depressive disor- 
ders has increased by 
kO times in the last 
ten years, and the num- 
ber of adults diagnosed 
with said ailments has 
doubled. 

It is doubtful that 
every person prescribed 
to an antidepressant 
is truly justified in 
needing such treat - 
ment. In particular, 
the number of young 
people prescribed to 
these medications and 
being diagnosed with 
bipolar disorder is 
absurd. Since when is 
it not considered nor- 
nal to be moody, con- 
fused, or jMSBibly even 
depressed during one's 
adolescence? 

The notion of hav- 
ing "too much of a good 
thing" has become all 



sive use of antide- 
pressants stems ftorr 
our culture's need for 
instant - gratification 
Ingesting a pill seem: 
much more efficient 
or maybe even second 
nature, to individu- 
als feeling cramped by 
looming deadlines and 
the daily grind, and 
everyone likes ti 
appear sound and invul 
nerable to their peers. 
Such a pill can leave ; 
person feeling comfort 
ably numb, perhaps evei 
happy, but what happens 
once the effects of th£ 
pill subside? 

Society has lost the 
patience and the will 
to search for long-i 
solutions for probli 
and is more likely to 
put a Band-aid on their 
lesions. It may tempo 
tarily solve a proble 
or momentarily fill ; 
void, but it will noi 
have an everlasting ef- 
fect or sound resolu- 

Spider-Man once said 
"with great power comes 
great resf)onsibility . " 
Like Spider -Man. we 
have the capacity tc 
do good with vrfiatever 
advancanent we make , 

^ Band-aid: Page 4 



^ 



National Leadership and Honors Organization 

with over 70 chapters is seeking molivated 

to assist in starting a local chapter. 

3.0 GPA Required 

Contact Rob Miner at nniner@5alhonDrs.org 



VOT£ CONPOM I 




perspective p^ 

Winners, Losers, and 

Statistics: How Unlii(ely 

Candidates Win Opinion Polls 



By DOUG SCHMIDT 
schmdnOlQipfw. edu 



On Sept. 5, Fox News 
held a Republican 
debate in New Hamp- 
shire . Afterwards . 
viewers were invited 
to select the 



busy dialing and re- 
dialing the phone. " 
His partner, Alan 
Colmes, agreed. "Re- 
dialing by the sec- 

However. Fox Hews 
only allowed one vote 
from each phone. 

While it is pos- 
sible that Paul man- 






vla a tex.t messaging 
poll. 

However, instead 
of presenting an ac- 

lic opinion, the poll 
merely showed that 
Fox News hosts could 
benefit from a basic 
in statis- 



suppotters 
enthusiast 
Giuliani's. 

Giuliani is 
a celebrity. He has 
hosted Saturday 
Night Live, appeared 
in several films and 
helped New York City 
recover from the 9/11 
attacks. 



"Polls with improperly collected 

results; poorlyf)hrased questions 

or other biases are not reliable 

depictions of public opinion." 



After the debate. 
talk show host Sean 
Hannity announced the 
results of the poll; 
Rudy Giuliani, for- 
mer mayor of New York 
City, and Mike Hucka- 
bee. former governor 
of Arkansas , tied 
with 16 percent of 
the vote. 

Unexpectedly, the 
winner of the poll 
was Congressman Ron 
Paul with 33 percent 
of the vote. 

According to Gal- 
lup polls (httpr// 
www.galIuppoll.com) , 
Paul's supporters ac- 
tually make up around 
three percent of the 
population. Hannity 
attempted to explain 
the unusual results. 
"The Paulites... 



^Band-aid 

From Page 3 



aged to win new 
supporters , the un - 
usual results were 
most likely caused 
by "self- selection 
bias." 

Telephone and text 
messaging polls are 
unscientific because 
the population sam- 
ple selects itself. 
The FoK News poll 
was not tepresenta - 
tive of the viewing 
audience; only view- 
ers who cared enough 
about the issue to 
call in responded. 

While the majority 
of voters were Paul 
supporters, this 

does not mean that 
most Fox News view- 
ers support Paul. A 
more likely explana- 
tion is that Paul's 



After the Fox News 
debate, his support- 
ers may have felt 
that he did not ac- 
tually need them to 
respond to the poll. 
He is already a prom- 
inent public figure 
supported by the Re- 
publican Party. 

However, Paul has 
not received the 
same media attention 
or public acclaim as 
Giuliani. 

Giuliani has been 
a guest on Late Show 
with David Letterman 
six times. Late Night 
with Conan O'Brien 
five times and Han- 
nity &amp; Colmes four 

Paul has appeared 
once ' on The Daily 
Show and The Colbert 



Report. Ali 
servative Republicans 
dislike his anti-war 
stance, which limits 
his support from the 
Republican Party. 

Due to Paul's rel- 
atively low visibil- 
ity and lack of party 
backing. his sup- 
porters may feel that 
he needs all the help 
they can offer. 

Responding to Fox 
News ' poll was an 
opportunity to give 
their underdog can- 
didate some greatly- 
needed , public sup - 

Thus, self-selec- 
tion bias resulted 
in a SDiallec number 
of enthusiastic sup- 
porters overwhelming 
a larger number of 
lukewarm supporters. 
Learning about sta- 
tistics helps voters 
to avoid being misled 
by faulty , unscien - 
tific polls. 

Polls with im- 
properly collected 
results. poorly- 

phrased questions or 
other biases are not 
reliable depictions 
of public opinion. 

Learning about 
statistics would 

also help talk show 
hosts like Hannity 
and Colmes present 
themselves as knowl - 
edgeable profession- 
als, untainted by 
ignorance and bias. 



whether it be for our- 
selves or erven for the 
world. Also reminis- 
cent of Spider-Han, we 
also have the ability 
to weave and get tan- 
gled in our own webs. 

It is all too easy 
to get lost in the te- 
dium of work and the 
struggle to keep up in 
a fast - paced society 
and to lose focus on 
the actual substance 
in our lives that makes 
life worth living in 
the first place. 

Although society ap- 
pears to be advancing 
scientifically, it Is 



also en^thetically and 
cooinunicably receding. 
Perhaps there is 
still time for the [TIV 
and Internet genera- 
tions to cleanse them- 
selves, literally and 
figuratively . Talk- 

ing can be the first 
step . Coranunication 

is and always will be 
much more valuable than 
technology, as any type 
of technological or so- 
cial progression ceases 
to exist without it. 

Confide in a close 
friend or family mem- 
ber. Many would be sur- 
prised to find that 



someone has or Is cur- 
rently going through 
similar challenges. 
Also remember to be the 
listener from time to 
time . as perspective 
can help take focus off 
your own troubles. 

Another step is to 
accept* life's imper- 
fections as well as our 
own vulnerabilities. 
Ho one is invincible. 

Remember that you 
are not the first per- 
son to get their heart 
broken, miss a dead- 
line, or be late for 
class. Chances are, 
there is at least one 



other person lAo has 
gone through what you 
are going through, and 
managed to get out un- 
scathed or at the very 
least alive. 

Perhaps by taking 
these simple steps , 
the conmunication gap 
can be filled, and hap- 
piness can once again 
be genuine and not ar- 
tificial . 



Britney Spears' 
VMA disaster 
is no surprise 

Live performance flop leaves little doubt 
that troubled singer's questionable state 
of mind and begs the question, should 
someone step in to help Britney? 



By JESSIE RUCKHAN 
tuckjl01@ipfw.edu 



It ' s time for a moment 
of honesty with regards 
to Britney Spears. The 
only thing surprising 
about her performance 
at last week's VMA's 
is that she didn't fall 
off the stage. 

It was as though 
she was a puppet, and 
totally content to let 
someone else pull the 
strings-not a good look 
for a performer of her 
caliber. 

The public would 
Jtkely have been more 
shocked , however . if 
the singer had actually 
lived up to this much 
touted "comeback". 

Come back to what , 
Earth? Throughout the 

looked as though she 
had recently overdosed 
on tranquilizers in a 
desperate effort to 
keep herself together. 

As one viewer put it, 
" [Spears] looked like 
she learned her cho- 
reography in a nursing, 
home, and was afraid of 
falling and breaking 
her hip." 

Ouch. 

TViis latest faux pas 
in the book of What 
Not to Do. written by 
Spears, in an absolute 
outrage, and no it's 
not just because of her 
cheesy blond wig and 
ridiculous attempt at 
lip -synch. 

It's the fact that 
someone who is so ob- 
viously trying to hold 
herself together tiKn- 
tally and emotionally 
is doing so in the pub- 
lic eye. 

"Well she put her- 
self there," you may 
say, grumbling into 
your a.m. latte. 

Give me a break. 
Let's not forget that 
this woman was thrust 
into the spotlight as 
a child in the Mick- 
ey Mouse Club years. 
And let's also reniEoi- 



ber that the Holly- 
wood culture greatly 
facilitates tmltiple 
rehab stays . Stardom 
was likely a dream come 
true that has turned 
into a nightmare. 

howev- 



ITie photo of Spears' 
half- shaved head that 
graced the cover of a 
tabloid magazine is ev- 
idence of a woman tee- 
tering on the brink of 
sanity, and not only 
has no one stepped in 
to help a recently di- 
vorced mother of two to 
regain her footing, but 
it seems as though the 
world ie cheering her 
on to cciiq)lete insan- 
ity. 

This woman is sur- 
rounded by publicists 
and "friends" who are 
paid to care about her, 
but instead of usher- 
ing Spears out of the 
spotlight and into a 
healing environment , 
she was preparing her 
body for a nationally 
televised perfornHnce. 
It's likely that Spears 
as a star, knew rough- 
ly what the public was 
thinking - 

"She just had two 
kids, so I'll bet she 
looks fat. Plus, she's 
crazy, so I hope she 
has a breakdown." 

There are two ter- 
rible yet true prob- 
lEsns with that line of 
thinking. Of all the 
retellings of the VMA 
flop, every account be- 
gan with, "How did she 
look?" 

Only after the size 
of every body part 
had been discussed at 
length did anyone even 
mention her emotional 
state. When the topic 
was finally breached, 
it was to say that 
Spears is unstable. 
Judgement . 
And I think to myself 
how incredibly sad I am 
for Spears and her two 
young children because 
as the public, we are 
cruel people. 





introspective 


pg- 


3 










Sudoku 

Fill in the grid so that every row, column and 
3x3 box contains the numbers 1 through 9. 


Looking for a place to 
advertise? how about... 

■ ■ g 












1 


3 








3 


6 


5 




7 




1 




1 




8 








5 


9 


- 


1 4 


3 f 


5 9 


5 : 


! 6 7 




5 6 


8 - 


2 


7 c 


i 9 4 


3 


1 






8 






5 




^ ? 


7 f 


1 ^ 


A ' 


&gt; 1 8 


R 9 


1 ; 


&gt; 7 


3 f 


I 4 5 


the Communicator 

contact 

ads@ipfwcommunicator.org 








3 




2 








3 7 


5 ^ 


t 6 


8 £ 


) 2 1 


? R 


4 ' 


i 1 


q ■ 


r 3 6 




5 






1 






8 


3: 


3 5 


2 c 


S 4 


6 1 


7 9 




4 


9 








2 




1 : 


7 1 


6 E 


) 8 


2 ^ 


I 5 3 




8 




9 




3 


4 


6 


fi 


nswe 


&gt;rs to last week's puzzle 






3 


1 












1 weekly W'^ords of wisdom 



Horoscopes 



by Erik Shepherd 



Aries Har21;afM9^ ^% ^ Li^raSep2J0ri22 



JM^ Aries Mar21Aprt9 ^ 

^'1'^ to attract mates, tfwevwre ^^^^^ 
I aflboT^ then ynjvuaid have 



Taurus Apr 20- May ZO 

\bu may Hid ^xiself buyiig 
a ynng did a gftttis week. 
Save the reoe^becaLEeth^ 
worl^ls what you got than. 



in 



b 

g^^ Gemini MqZI-JineZO w 

fw^ nvweekfTwihappea^bu 'V, 

^^^■. akGadyrknowvvlHtn'isandhfs Jr 

^^^m gofigtohappEn. ^^ 



@ 



Cancer imw 21- jutyn 

A ^ ffi a ted ^Bt wS confront 
youttiswKk Ifvou'reagujt 
thenjt^saboutyariifidefity tf 
ya/re a ^ then it'sabouttE 



i/S 



TtiE v\eek yoj vv3l dive past a 
i]rary and a fcw rtifutes later 
wied&lt; your Qi: Vlfell now y3u 
won't because youH be extra 
caK^Li-wontyou? 

Scorpio Oct 23- Nov 21 

Ifaj arodze oonsmieria n wMe 
sffifig you' fbu' dolar ooffefi 
Don't 



Sagittarius HOV22- Dec 21 

Ths week wl h»e a lew 
suprisesforyou Dontbe 
suprjsed v\4ien one of the 
suprises conies to suprise you 



Capricorn D«zijaDis 

Antidpate haurgfm thE 
week. TlijwflyvMienyDU 
don't youH be (feappoiited 



A^y Aquariusiiu.2(^M.i8 

ITe week you udgetahaatut Vv^V Vli^outfbraGennthis 



Le0jidy23-Ai&gt;g2Z 

^buhafdesservulviafita ^^^ week. Th^wl make ynu do 

tipL\buwDrftgve herons but ttwi^yoi never ina^ied 

nexttineyDuwipayfartt doiig 



ifMfl VirgDAD923-Se|)22 \ g 

I III %u arc hopi^ that tHigs'n JULt 
HJL yorSfegetbetlEtibutthey /\ 



Pisces Feb 19- Mai 20 

Beauty comes h many fiomi 
\bu ate not one of these fbrnis. 




the arts 



pg.6 



MciAJc" 'Think Fort Wayne is boring? Think again. 



NEWS 

&amp; 

EVENTS 

9/12-9/18 

Sept. 12 

"Antique 
Tractors and 
Antique Hen: 
Explorations 
of an Older 
Masculinity, "" 

by Michael 
Nusbaumer, at 
noon. KT G46 

Sept. 13 



Or, 



Student 
janization 
Leadership 
Development 
(S.O.L.D.) , 
noon - 1:30 
p.m. WU 114- 
116 

Sept. 14 



inline auction 
for Fine Arts 

student 

scholorships 

at www, ipfw. 

edu/vpa/auc- 

tion . 



Sept. 15 

Aids Task 

Force 

Fundraiser , 

816 Pint &amp; 

Slice. 

816 S. 

Calhoun St. 4 

- 11 p.m. For 

information , 

contact Misty 

Wolfe at 260- 

341-0809. 



Sept. 



Hock Inter- 
view Day, at 
10 a.m. - 4 
p.ra. KT 109. 
10 a.m. -4 p.m 

For mote 

information , 

call 260-481- 

6591 



Time &amp; Date Info: Thutrs, Aug. 
p.m., Fri. 8 p.m.. Sat. 8 p.i 
2:30 p.m., open until Sept. 15, 



Fort Wayne Museum of Art - Building 
Relationships for Success; Imaging One 
Another 2006-2007 Retrospective. 

This outreach initiative funded by 
the Foellinger Foundation was designed 
CO strengthen relationships, through the 
medium of digital photography, between 
participating students and their adult 
caregivers and mentors. 

Address: Fort Wayne Museum of Art, 
311 East Main Street. Fort Wayne. DJ. 

TiJDS i Date Info: 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. 
Tues. - Sat., Sun. noon - 5 p.m.. closed 
major holidays, open unitl Oct. l&lt;i. 
2007. 

Dovmtown Fort Wayne WalJdng Toure 
- Walking tours offered throughout the 
year. 

The sunnier calendar in effect un- 
til Sept. 30. The tour highlights local 
history and Fort Wayne's architectural 
treasures such as the Cathedral of Im- 
naculate Conception and the Enbassy Cen- 
tre. Tour length 1 1/2 hours. Meet inside 
the Convention &amp; Visitors Center located 
across from the Hilton Hotel at 1021 
S. Calhoun Street, dovntown Fort Wayne, 
Parking is available in the parking ga- 
rage across from the Hilton. Reserva- 
tions are encouraged, but not required. 
Call ARCH for updates at 260-426-5117. 

Address: Convention &amp; Visitors Bureau. 

1021 S. Calhoun Street. Fot-t Wayne. 

Time &amp; Date Info: Every 'Hiur.. in 
sunskme or snowl 3 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.. 
open until Oct. 1. 2007. 

The Odd Couple ■ Simon's classic com- 
edy thrusts two recently divorced men, 
the slob Oscar Madison and the fussy Fe- 
lix Unger. into the same household with 
hilarious results. 

Called "richly hilarious and renark- 
ably original , " and "wildly , ircesist - 
ibly. incredibly and continuously funny" 
by the N.Y. Daily News, this is one of 
the theater's greatest comedies and is 
rated PG for mild profanity.. 

Address: First Presbyterian Theater, 
300 West Wayne Street. Fort Waynr-. 



Fort Wayne Museum of Art 

Learn a Bunch (? Lunch is designed to 
get you out of the office and into the 
EWHoA for infornal talks and tours over 
the lunch hour. Today's topic: The EW- 
HoA: A Retrospective. 

Address ; Fort Wayne Museum of Art , 
311 East Halji Street. Fort Wayne. 

Time 6 Date Info: 12:15 - 12:45 p.m.. 
Sept. 6. 2007. 

Fort Wayne Museum of Art - Innovation 
and Change. 

Great Ceramics from the Ceramics Re- 
search Center, Arizona State University 
Art Museum opening reception and lecture 
by IPEW Associate Professor of Sculpture 
and Design, Dana Goodman. 

Address; Fort Wayne Museum of Art, 
311 East Main Street. Fort Wayne. 

Time d Date Info: 6:30 p.m. lecture 
and 7:30 p.m. reception, Sept. 7, 2007. 

Misery - The Civic Theatre presents 
Misery , a stunning adaptation of the 
classic thriller. 

Popular romance novelist, Paul Shel- 
don, is held captive by Annie, his 
schizophrenic, number one fan. forced 
to write another work about heroine Mis- 
ery Chastain. Paul lives a nightmare, 
suffering from degradation and pain , 
writing a new chapter everyday to stay 
alive. 

Address; Arts United Center, 303 E 
Main St. . Fort Wayne. 

lime d Date Info: Fri. and Sat. per- 
formances at 8 p.m.. Sun. matinees at 2 
p.m.. Sept. 7. 2007 to Sept. 16. 2007. 

Fort Wayne Museum of Art - Innova- 
tion and Change: Great Ceramics from the 
Ceramics Research Center, Arizona State 
University Art Museum Collection. 

This is a unique exhibition of master- 
works by many of the leady international 
artists of our time. The objects in the 
exhibition range from functional ware to 
more expressive sculptural forms. 

Address: Fort Wayne Museum of Art, 
311 East l-lain Street. Fort Wayne. 



30 7:30 Time f. Date Info: Tues. - Sat. 10 a.m. 
1. . Sun. - 5 p.m., Thucs. 10 a.m. - 9 p.m.. Sun. 
2007. Noon - 5 p.m.. Sept. 8 to Nov. 4-. 2007. 

Sandy Skoglund at the University of 
Saint Francis - The School of Creative 
Arts at the University of Saint Francis 
has announced that one of the mast ex- 
traordinary, avant garde artists ever 
to exhibit in Fort Wayne is coming this 
fall. 

America's foremost installation art- 
ist. Sandy Skoglund. will install and 
exhibit her work Breathing Glass from 
Sept. 8 through Oct. 26. with an open- 
ing Presidential Gala on Sat., Sept. B. 
2007 at the John P. Weatherhead Gallery 
in the Rolland Center. This exhibit is 
made possible in part by an American 
Masterpieces Grant provided by the In- 
diana Acts Corrmission from the tJational 
Endov,Tnent for the Arts. 

Address: University of Saint Francis, 
Rolland Art Center. 2701 Spring St., 
Fort Wayne. 

Time &amp; Date Info : 6-9 p.m. opening 
night. Regular Gallery Hours: Mon. - 
Fri. 9 - 5 p.m.. Sat. 10 - 5 p.m.. Sun. 
1 - 5 p.m.. open Sept. 8 to Oct. 26. 
2007. 

FISH EYES - FISH EYES is a hoot of a 
show that takes an honest look at the 
confusion and bewildennent of two guys 
called to follow Jesus. 

Guest artists Jeffrey Que tin and 
Stephen Baldwin from 34west Theatre in 
Boardnan. OH present a modernized look 
at the story of Peter and Andrew that 
leaves audiences finding the characters 
begin to reseanble a next door neigh- 
bor or someone at work! Performances are 
hosted by all for One productions, inc. 
and Elmanuel Connunity Church of Fort 
Wayne. 

Address: Allen County Public Library 
Auditorium. 900 Library Plaza. Fort 
Wayne. 

Time i Date Info: Curtain: 7:00 p.m. . 
doors open for seating 6:30 p.m.. open 
Sept. 10 and Sept. 11. 2007. 

All above information can be found on 
http: //calendar, fortwayne.com/search. 



2 is updated often. 




T^cA 



l^^gl 



The Next Stage' 



Talk with a Wells Fargo 
Banker and get your PhD 
In Money-omics. 



V^th College Combo*, designed especially for college students, you get 

■ Free Weils Fargo College Checking" account" 

■ No annual fee Wells Fargo* Check Card - now with Visa* payWave 

• Free access to Weils Fargo Online* Banking arid Free Bill Pay 

• Free Direct Deposit of paychecks and/or financial aid 

■ Free access to over 6,800 Wells Fargo ATMs 

Stop by your local Weils Fargo and talk with a banker today. 



'Eliglbllicy ttibjcci lo approval. Sludon 
jccicdiTcd college/university or irado 
minimum opening dcpoill icqulroi 



ovide proof of cnioilmeni at an 
en ihc account \i opened. $100 
checking accouni. Additional 



&amp; entertainment pg7 



Fall offers unique opportunities 



^t ^B Ernest E. Williams Theatre ■ 

^ A R 1 


^^^^^^^ 


a 


1 


Oi 






^ 



BY KATHRYN ANDERSON 
andeknDlSipfw. edu 

Sumner officially 
ends Sept. 22 to the 
chagrin of Tnany. but 
that doesn't connote 
the end of fun as well. 
There are plenty of af- 
fordable activities to 
enjoy during the fall 
tine indoors and out- 
doors, even foe the 
thriftiest of college 

Those wanting to 
take advantage of the 
tanperate weather and 
colorful foliage be- 
fore the bleak winter 
months may enjoy hik- 
ing, admiring the scen- 
ery, or joining in on 
traditional Fort Wayne 
festivities. Places 
such as Metea Park and 
Fox Island County Park 
are ideal for the na- 
ture lover. The He- 
tea Trail Hiking 
group meets the 
first Tuesday 
of every month 



is just the thing for 
those wishing to become 
more acclimated with 
the city of Fort Wayne, 
or simply for the indi- 
viduals who enjoy tak- 
ing part in the annual 
tradition. The festi- 
val is free, and goers 
can enjoy antiques, 
crafts . entertainment , 
and varieties of 
foods and bev- 
erages that help 
create a pioneer 
impression on 



ing tour begins at 1 
p.m. at the Visitor's 
Center, and costs five 
dollars for adults and 
children under 18 are 
free. The tour will 
visit unique architec- 
tural structures and 
historical locations, 
and lasts for 90 min- 



"Fall is an opportune time to 

take advantage of the scenic 

outdoors and pleasant weatiier 

before winter rolls in." 



Photo By Nic Pyle 



The IPEW Depart- 
ment of Theatre will be 
presenting "The Lark." 
vAiich dramatically and 
uniquely tells the sto- 
ry of Joan of Arc and 
offers different per- 
spectives on the mar- 
tyr. '"Hie Lark" can be 
seen Sept. 28 and 29 at 
8:00 p.m., as well as 
Sept. 3D and 
:. 7 at 3:00 



If 



the 



Bike and ^^_^^ 

walking tours 
are also available if 
an individual wants a 
greater historical per- 
spective of Fort Wayne. 
"Historic Deeds to App- 
leseeds" is a bike tour 
where participants can 
visit historical sights 
around the city. It 
starts at the History 



ARCH will also be 
hosting a bus tour on 
Oct. 27 that visits 
suspected haunted sites 
around Fort Wayne, Ihe 
bus boards at Swln- 
ney Homestead at 5 : 45 
p.m. and 7:00 p.m. for 
families , and also at 
8:15 p.m. for adults 
who wish to hear 



10 i 






costs two dol - 
lars pec person. 
On every clear 
Saturday night 
through Nov. 2&lt;i, 
star gazers can 



Fox Island and 
view the galaxy 
at the observato- 
ry with the Fort 
Wayne Astroncmi- 
cal Society. It 
begins one hour 
after sunset and 
the cost is free, 
though donations are 
accepted . 

Ihe Johnny Apples eed 
Festival takes place 
Sept. 15 and 16 between 
the hours of 10 a.m. 
and 5 p.m. at the John- 
ny Appleseed Park, and 




Center, and lasts from 
9 a.m. to' 12 p.m. The 
Architecture and Coti- 
munity Heritage (ARCH) 
of Fort Wayne hosts a 
downtown walking tour 
the first Friday of ev- 
ery month. The walk- 



ries. The cost 
is ten dollars 
for adults and 
five dollars for 
children 32 and 
under. 

If the weather 
is less than fa- 
vorable, then 
one may find 
refuge at the 
Civic Iheatre 
or the Williams 
Iheatre at IPFW. 
Stephen King's 
"Misery" will be 
performed at the 
Civic on Sept . 
7, 8. 14. and 15 
at 8 p.m. , and also on 
Sept. 9 and Sept. 16 at 
2 p.m. Tickets cost 
$22 for adults. $14 for 
those aged 23 and un- 
der, and Sis on Sunday 
for the senior raati- 



aforementioned 
__^__ do not sound 

appealing, then 
one cannot forget the 
old standby: the coffee 
shop. Of course, going 
to the coffee shop does 
not inply that one has 
to buy coffee. Ihey 
function well as plac- 
es to meet old and new 
friends, read, or even 
just, to people watch, 
A Starbucks or any other 
coffee house can likely 
be found within a half- 
mile radius lAerever 
one is standing, and 
oftentimes features 
musical entertainment, 
book and poetry read- 
ings , and scmetimes 
even free samples. One 
unique event is Open 
Hie Night at the Fire- 
fly Coffee House, vMch 
is held every Wednesday 
from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. 
Firefly is located less 
than a half mile frcm 
the IPFU campus . 

Fall is an opportune 
time to take advantage 
of scenic outdoors and 
pleasant weather before 
winter rolls in. Ac- 
tivities in Fort Wayne 
enables one to absorb 
ambiance before the au- 
tumn weather subsides. 



iPods: valuable 

Study tool too? 



BY KELLY HCLENDMJ 
mc lekO l@ip fw . edu 

Forget flashcards. 
tape recorders, and ex- 
peditiously scribbling 
down notes from quick- 
ly changing PowerPoint 
slides . because there 
are now many programs 
available that allow 
students to hear their 
teachers' lectures 
through their iPod. 

'It's about time' 
seems to be the response 
among students whose 



to provide iPods for 
students . " 

Collegiate Connee- 
tion student Samantha 
Crowell said, "I think 
IPEW should utilize 
the program, because 
it would help people 
study better and stay 
mare connected, even 
when they miss class." 

Some students find 
the idea of listening 
to lectures via iPod an 
overload of technol- 
ogy. 



[iPods] already are 

incorporated into classes at 

Duke, Ohio State and Stanford. 

-7/ie la^ Vegas Sun 



actively 
utilize 
the pro- 
gram. ^^^_^_^___ 

While 

IPFW 

doesn't use the program 
yet. many other colleg- 
es are jumping on the 
bandwagon and giving 
the option of podcast- 
ing as a study tool . 

Imagine being able 
to replay a biology 
lecture over and ovec, 
picking up on hints 
and information the 
teacher said. For ex- 
ample, Coimiunity Col- 
lege of Southern Nevada 
uses the program, and 
even allows students to 
loan an IPod fcom the 

An article from The 
Las Vegas Sun says, 
"The devices already 
are incorporated into 
classes at Duke. Stan- 
ford, Ohio State. Penn 
State, the University 
of Michigan's dental 
school and the Uni - 
versity of Missouri ' s 
journalism school . Many 
Nevada professors have 
put lectures online, 
hut Coimiunity College 
of Southern Nevada ap- 
pears to be the first 



Others disagree. 

"Many people have 
IPods already and they 
are used to downloading 
music , so they would 
definitely be able to 
download lectures eas- 
ily." Crowell said. 

Host lectures in 
the college download 
program will only be 
available through the 
teacher's website. 

On the downside, some 
students won't learn by 
listening and it would 
be a waste of time, not 
to mention iPod space, 
to download the col- 
lection. However, many 
students may benefit 
from the extra listen- 
ing available. 

There are many up- 
sides to the lecture 
download program. 
First, downloads are 
free. lAlch is a big, 
difference from the 
Si. 99 it takes to down- 
load a song. Secondly, 
repeated hearing reten- 
tion nay help : 
mediocre test s 




student life 



pg. 



I i mn 



Freshman Success 

Michael Sours holds a marketing 
support position with Verizon 
here in Fort Wayne- he's 19. He's 
young and roiling in more dough 
than most students should. 



By SAID EL-DAJANI 
eldasn01@ipfw.edu 



When Michael Sours 
accepted a niarketing 
internship to work at 
Verizon during his 
senior year of high 
school, he didn't an- 
ticipate taking over 
a Marketing Support 
position . 

Ilie job was conve- 
niently handed to him 
vAien the CEO realized 



repwrting directly to 
Sours was not only more 
efficient, but more than 
likely cost effective. 

Officially a fresh- 
nan at IPEW. Sours. 19. 
is studying Marketing 
while continuing his 
now ptart-time job with 
Verizon , 

While taking class- 
es and biking profes- 
sionally is not enough, 
Sours holds 
and promising posit: 
at Verizon, 




"I have a report 
due on the CEO's desk 
every Thursday TDom- 
ing," said Sours, 
"I "ra responsible for 
a detailed synopsis of 
Fios University, which 
takes place Wednesday 
evenings frmn 5 to 7 
p.m." 

Fios University is 
an educational oppor- 
tunity for people to 
come out to the corpo- 
rate office and learn 
about the products and 







Campus 


IPFW " 


waienuaL 


»* ^ — - 

tor Sept 13-19,2007 


13 ACCS Express Lane Risum* 


contact 16689 or 


CrjtiquM:KT109,n(H)n-2p,m. 


eonronm@ipfw.cdu. 




ACCS Mock Intervitw Day: 


DevelopmenI: WU 1 14-1 16. noon- 


KT 109. 10a.m--lp.m. For 


1 p.m. For infonnadon, call 16283. 


information, call 16591. To register. 




visit \vww . i pfw. cd u/flccs . 


Study Abroad Informatian 




Scssior;KTG-16. 4 p.m. For 


Athletics Event: Women's Soccer 


infomifllion. call 16494. 


V. Detroit Mercy, Hefner Soccer 




Ficld.-i. 7 p.m. For information, call 


14 Sludenli with Families Dinner: 


16643. 


WU Ballroom, 6-8 p.m.; featuring 




-Dora the Explorer." Call MMOfor 19 


Degree Possible Workshop: 




"Making the Academic 




Connection," WU G21. noon- 


15 American Heart AisociitiaD Heart 


l;l5p.m. RSVPto 16921 or 


and Stroke Walk: GC. S:30 a.m. 


ellcns'3|ipr\v.cdu. 


For infonnalion, call 16647 or 




I574B, 


Study Abroad Information 




Session:KT22S. noon. For 


Alhleties Event: Sonball vs. 


information, call 16494. 






16643. 






Roundtabic: WU second lloor 


Bangladesh Night 2007; 


Inungc. noon-l:30p.m. For 




infomiation, call 16586. 


Ballroom. 5:30-8:30 p.m. Displays 




arculturc and heritage. Bengali 


ACCS Express Lane Risumi 


cuisine. ES per person; IPFW 


Critiques: KT 109, II am.-l p.m. 


Sliidcnis free with ID. 






Anthropology Club Luncheon 


16 Honors Program Eligibility and 


Lecture Series: "Interactions of 


Pin Reception: WU Ballroom. 3- 


Temperament and Culture: The 


5 p.m. Tor informaljon, call 16924. 


Organiiation of Diversity in 




Samoan Infancy," Harold Odden. 


17 Spaniifi Table: jVcn a eonvcrsary 


speaker; KT G.16. noon. For 






bring a sack lunch. For inrormalion. 




This ad courtesy of the Office of the ChanceUor | 



services Verizon pro- 
vides, 

"The fiber optics we 
offer for television 
is 100 percent digital 
with great features in- 
cluding an interactive 
screen." noted Sours. 

As for college. 
Sours plans to eventu- 
ally attend the Kel- 
ley School of Business 
down at Indiana Uni- 
versity Bloomington . 



He's a strong belisver 
in education with an 
Interesting phlloso' 
phy, stating." pursu- 
ing a degree shows how 
much BS you can put up 

Whether it be true. 
Sours has proven that 
success coross at any 
stage of ones life and 
his fornula for teara 
energy and atmosphere 
are working towards 



his benefit thus far. 

With a healthy mind- 
set, good business 
sense, and strategic 
thinking. Sours. at 
the ripe age of 19 , un- 
derstands options. 

More importantly . 
said Sours. "If you're 
not happy with vrfiat 
you're doing, then your 
not going to succeed." 



"SUtrnvstBOBinairsaiesimR 


A p.bll,.,!.. 






^^l^m^^^^^H 


Jessie Ruckman 


IPSN Inc. 


Editor-in-Chief 


Walb Union Suite 2 1 5 
2101 Coliseum Blvd. East 




Fort \A/ayne, IN 46805 




Newsroom / Editor 


Said EI-DajanI 


(260) 4S1-65S4. 


Managing 


eon locIOl ptwcarnmunlcalarorg 


Editor 






Advertising 




(260)481-6583 




adsCDi pfwcomm u nicaioroig 


Mike Webb 


Publisher 


A&amp;E Editor 




(260)481-6585 






Nic Pyle 




Photo Editor 


Official Web site 






Jil Price 
Copy Editor 






■ntfl:::^««r"""T^°o'"^™ 


Alex Wade 


7^"ITLJ'1±^ arl^'^'^l 


Advertising 


"^^T, -=i"y"^-*"pi^""ot' 


Manager 


""■^-"Ji^^ciPt ™i==™„, I- 








rauHt b* nXe^Kd. dux«l ,.nd nc- 










Drew McMillen 


pllcabl-J. L*na» n=rc uviti^ 


Web Design 






conuidorod toz puhllcuiion. 








Mil -^tH t. ^«rlrIHJ by t.lB- 






Erik Shepherd 


■nd tslaphana nunbflco -will not 


Graphic Design 


SuhMaalon. »Ui&lt;: b&gt; eyp»d , .ii&gt;d 




Tho .xiitortBi batca or hm. 




C&lt;x™ur.Jc«tor nji~rv.ii iho rlghc 




CO odi^ all nulnlmlaiui for 




ImiBtTi. ac-inn«r, .tryl.. and 


Matt McClure 


ciolly Ub^cua by iho sdlco- 


Publisher 


r-lol biMird nail not b. pubtlBtwl 




u«l»r «by cl»u»c«»-,.. 



student life p.^ 

Diaries of the intrepid dater: the conclusion 



BY JESSIE RUCKMAN 
ruckjl01Oipfw.edu 



Apparently women 
aren't the only ones 
vAio deserve the 'needy' 
tap. 

Blake and I had gone 
back and forth so rnany 
times about i4iere this 
fling was going, blah 
blah blah. Annoying, 
really but apparently 
1 was no smarter than 
Blake because we kept 
circling the dreaded 
"R" word. 

It was on juBt such 
a day that Blake and 
I were arguing and he 
said, "I want to be 
with you. and I can see 
us possibly spending 
the rest of our lives 
together." He took niy 
hand , looked into my 
eyes, and said. "Let's 
give it a shot." 

Heady emotions (like 
panic and seasickness) 
roiled . but I stopped 
and grappled for clar- 
ity, saying, "Let 
me take some tijne to 
think. ■■ 

It's a big step 
from sleeping together 
to becoming a couple , 
and frankly he wasn't 
good enough to share 
anything other than 
wy bed. Upside down, 
but some things just 
stay in the bedroom and 
Blake was intended to 
be one of them. 

And vrfiere better to 
think than Piere's on a 
Saturday night? Stupid 
move, but think of the 
stupidity train. Once 

much gonna stop it. 
Full steam ahead! 



Piere's. Satur- 

day night. Drinks 

are flowing, and there 
are bodies everyviiete. 
dancing , talking . let - 
ting go of the stress 
of the pre'/ious week. 
I need to turn off 
n^ brain, and take up 
the thinking again in 
the morning, so as a 
dear friend and I walk 
around the bar, I sec 
out of the comer of 
ray eye a well over six- 
foot figure standing 
at the end Of a bar , 
and apparently he is 
devouring the face of 
a half -midget. As I 
look more closely, it 
beccHoes obvious to roe 
that the figure v^o is 
eating some poor girl's 
face is Blake! 

Hy blood runs cold 
and my heart starts to 
race, but I keep walk- 
ing past the grotesque 
scene thinking. 'Well, 
I guess that makes my 
decision easy. " 

But then again (and 
kindergarten teach- 
ers will back me up on 
this) , once a toy is 
taken away, you just 
want it all the more. 

'And besides' . I tell 
myself, 'that SOB is 
supposed to be wait- 
ing for your answer and 
he ' s cigljf here vacu- 
uming out some other 
girl's fillings!' Oh, 
bell no. 

Honestly. I didn't 
want him anyway. He 
was like a used tissue 
by that time, but my 
tissue," danmit. 

So 1 narched right 
up to the lying, cheat- 
ing dirtbag. and as he 
stood with the midg- 



et-girl, arms wrapped 
around her , her back 
to him. I marched right 
up to him and said . 
"Thanks for waiting." 

Blood was pumping in 
my head like it does 
after a triple-shot 
latte. and n^ heartbeat 
drumned a deadly ca- 
dence in my ears. The 
storm was coming. 

E)on't do it, Jess. 

Why not? 

Seriously, you'll re- 
gret it. 

And before the poor 
little angel on my 
shoulder could stop me. 
I reached up over the 
midget - girl ' s head and 
connected a hand with 
Slake 's face in a jaw- 
cracking slap. 
BAH! 

It felt great. 
Pause, You may be 
thinking, 'what a psy- 
cho bitch' . and you may 
be rigjit , but here ' s 
the thing: rationale is 
stupid in the heat of 
passion. 

I did what made me 
feel better, and at 
the end of the day. I 
felt better. After, of 
course, tears and im- 
mense anger at both him 
and myself, 

I walked away, know- 
ing better now, and 
.I'll . aivs you some 
simple yet life sav- 
ing advice: The state 
of f*ii@buddydom is ap- 
pealing from the out- 
skirts, but once the 
gates open . a murky 
and painful journey 
awaits. It is best to 
define what you are to 
one another before the 
Springer film starts to 
roll. 



I 



CdimbiR &lt;5tfccrt Vc4l 




Monday - 50 cent Wings + ffl£E French Fries. 
Tuesday -1/2 Price Pizza and Nactios, 

-mmf-film^^mi ^"- "affng Vegas 




^J^jtm^^iAM^^iMm_^ 



815 Pint &amp; Slice is sexy neighborhood dining; 



BY JESSIE RUCKMAN 
ruckjl01@ipfw.edu 

Someone once de- 
scribed a good dining 
experience as 'sexy' 
and I thought they wei 
out of their mindf 
The dining experience 
is generally a medio- 
cre affair with little 
to no sex appeal, i 
less one is prepared t( 
spend their entire pay 
check, especially in 
Fort Wayne, 816 Pint 
d Slice is a huge step 
-toward changing that 
attitude . 

Rain poured down 
heavily in front of 815 
Pint S Slice, a new res- 
taurant located at 816 
South Calhoun Street in 
Fort Wayne, but when I 
walked in, the dreari- 
ness of the day faded 
as the smell of fresh 
pizza and calzones 
overtook the senses . 
Host of the dining 
choices are made fresh 




ing the door, Ihey 
seen to be the showcase 
tables that scream to 
the passersby to stop 
in and enjoy the ambi- 
ance, and also to de- 
cide which tasty dish 
to try. 

The wine and beer 
selection is not bad, 

While 816 Pint (. 
Slice carries staples 
like a selection from 
Robert Mondavi (and 
red wine is perfect 
with pizza, of course) , 
there are also more 



Photo by NIC PVLE 



Some selections are 
local brews, and some 
are from the other side 
of the world, such as 
my second selection , 
the Geman beet known 
as Hacker-Pschorr. 

I took that drink 
to the upstairs din- 
ing area to wait for my 
personaJ. calzone, where 
my eyes almost popped 
out of my head, because 
this is not your aver- 
age restaurant seating 
arrangesDent . Not sinply 
dining space, this rotsn 
featured two contenpo- 




UpslairsoftheSIGPinlSrSIi 



after they've been or- 
dered , and are ready 
in just a few minutes- 
plenty of time to take 
in the neighborhood bar 
i:.xperience. 

I ended up with a 
liiiuhtime masterpiece. 
■■"ii- calzone was stuffed 
:i:li sausage. pep- 
■ roni, feta cheese, 
: iuirp olives and spin- 
ach. Sounds a little 
out there, but it was 
fantastic positive re- 
inforcement for risk- 
tjking. The atmosphere 
' f Pint i. Slice suits 
i.he food nicely. 

Short and tall ta- 
Ecattered 



pleasantly over the 
v.ood floors, and two 
tables ate elevated 
■jnd tucked into the 
front windows I flank- 



unique libations from 
vrfiich to choose, 

Caposaldo Chlanti is 
a great beginning, as 
is the Haras Estate 
Cabernet Sauvignon. 

But if wine isn't 
quite your thing, be 
sure to check out the 
moderately -sized, but 
incredibly diverse beer 
selection . 

Being a fan of Blue 
Moon, I was disap- 
pointed in its absence 
but was ijimediately 
directed by two very 
friendly and fun man- 
bers of the staff of 
good beers to try in a. 
"If you like Blue Moon, 
you'll love..." way. 
They were rigjit on the 
money with both selec- 
tions, including ththe 
beer called 312. 



rary, sexy leather so- 
fas which sat directly 
in front of a gigantic 
flat screen TV. 
Another TV was hooked 



up 



for 



other diners to watch, 
in the case that they 
could hear over the 
monstrous flat screen. 
But who would want to 
watch anything other 
than football during 
the autumn months? 

Pint &amp; Slice's piz- 
za and calzones are 
the perfect ccmpanion 
to football , and the 
staff is ready for the 
crowds . They should 
be, because they serve 
great food at a fair 
price, and the atmo- 
sphere is worth coming 



sports p, ic 



IPFW intramurals are currently registering 
for the following Fall Intramural Sports: 

Flag Football 

Dates of Play: Hon. Tues , Wed 

Location: Intramural Football Field 

(Hext to Baseball/Softball Complex) 

Time: 3-7 PH (Based on Numbers of Teams) 

□f 6: Maximum of 12 



Cos- 



Frei 



Registration Deadline: September" 17th 
Tournament Champion for each League 









Dates 


of PI 


ay: Thur 


sdays 








Loc 


ation: 


ntram 


ral Foo 


tball Fi 


pld 


IN 


xt 


to B 


3seball/Softb 


11 Comp 


ex) 




me: 


3- 


7 PM 


(Based 


on Numbers of 


Teams) 




am 


KOE 


ter: 


Minimum 
Cost: 


of 6; 
Free 


Maximum 


of 12 




Regist 


atio 


1 Deadli 


ne: Se 


ptember 


17th 




To 


urn 


ament 


Champa 


on for 


the Lea 


gue 





USTA Tennis on Campus 

Co-Ed Team Tennis 

I (2 Singles. 1 Doubles)- Must have at least 

male 

"Match Play; Best 3 out of 3 matches 

Dates of Play: Mondays or Wednesday 

Time: 6-9:00 PM 

Location: IPFW Tennis Courts 4-6 

Co-Gd Sand Volleyball 

4 va 4 (Must have at least 1 Female) 

ch Play: Each team will play 4 games each nj 

Days of Play: Tuesday League 

Times: 6-9 PM 

ion: The Plex Sand Courts - Hefner Field 

Tournament Champion 



'Dons dominate 
IPFW Invitational 



Courtesy of IPFW 
Athletics Department 



The IPFW Mastodons 
headed into Saturday 
night's match with a 2- 
record in the invita- 
tional. IPFW faced Le- 
high in the final match, 
defeating the Mountain 
Havks in three. 

Rebekah Roehm was 
named MVP v^le Jamie 
Schvyarta and Jessica 
Dominiak joined her 
on the All -Tournament 
Team. 

Chicago State and 
Lipscomb faced off for 
second place in the in- 
vitational in the ear- 
lier match. Lipscomb 
defeated Chicago State 
3-0 (30-14. 30-20. 30- 
10) to finish second in 
the invitational. 

The match started off 
close, with IPFW and 
Lehigh trading points 
back and forth for the 
first half of game one. 
At the 16-15 mark the 
■Dsins went on a 14-0 



run to take game one, 
30-15. 

Game two would start 




Rcto oxjeyfTWAlhsfcCept 

off much the same way 
as game one. with IPFW 
and Lehigh trading 
points back and forth. 
IPFW would take a six 
point lead at 1812 af- 
ter an attack error by 
the Mountain Hawks. 

A 7-2 run would put 
IPFW up by 11 on a kill 
by Roehm. 25-14. A late 
run by Lehigh would 
bring them to within 



five at the 26-2! mark 
but the "Dons went on 
a 4-0 run to take game 
two. 30-21. 

Lehigh would battle 
at the beginning of 
game three, keeping it 
close until IPFW took a 
15-10 lead off a kill 
by Jessica Miller. 

The Mastodons kept 
the momentum going from 
that point . taking game 
three. 30-23 and the 
HHtch. 3-0. 

Roehm led IPFVJ in 
kills with 13 on 20 at- 
tempts, hitting a .550. 
She had three service 
aces and three total 
blocks , one solo and 
two assists. 

Taryn Parker just 
itdssed double digit 
kills with nine. She 
was a force again at 
the net with three 
block solos and two 
block assists. 

DcHniniak dished out. 
and Peachy 
Jankowski had 11 digs. 
Miller and Schwartz 
each had three i 





Dedicated 

to a 

Healthier 

Indiana 



Offering Lutheran ancf Parkview 

doctors and hospitals for IPFW members. 

► Learn more at mplan.com 



sports pgii 

IPFW rugby club 
now forming teams 



By AHBER ARNOLD 
Arnoad 01iSipfw.edu 



IPFW now offers a 
male rugby club that is 
open to any male in the 
Fort Wayne Conmunity 
viio would enjoy getting 
in shape and meeting 
other people who share 
the same interests. 

As long as the team 
consists of at least 
51% of IPFW students, 
it is open to any man 
in the conmunity. 

Chris Porter is the 
person responsible of 
starting up the rugby 
team this year. Porter 
played rugby all four 
years of higji school at 
Bishop Dwenger and will 
be receiving his cer- 
tification in coaching 
this October, but will 
not be playing due to a 
back Injury he received 
last fall. 

There will also be 
two other coaches one 
who coaches the Duen^ec 
rugby team and one vho 
played for the Indiana 
University rugby team 
and also the Fort Wayne 
Men's RugJ&gt;y team. There 
are no tryouts or any 
cap on the number of 
people, so any male \itio 
would like to be in- 
volved is welcome. 



' :^fTlfe' ■teflia.-yill,Mjp 
hofftinfi 3 (Kiii'tfU.yinBet - 
■■'J^E.'at^EWand prac- 
: tiVes' wj.'1-l be held .on 
"campus every Monday anJ 
.Wednesday afternoon afid 
opt^onai practices ace 
'available at the \fart 
Wayne Hen'aclub'e'^cy 
Tuesday and' 'Tftufsday. 
TTie team will bejusing 
' qn'.ihtrajrairal ^ootbaH 
field-as Its IPEU. pfflc,- 
-tice location. "■" ■-'■='- 
Since rugby is not a 
fall or spring sport, 
it can be played all 
year round. There will 
be scriimages held this 
fall against Xavier 
University. St. Joe 
College . and Anderson 
University. There is no 
current schedule , but 
this spring a full com- 
petitive schedule will 

Rugby is best explained 
as a mixture of foot- 
ball and soccer. 

The rules and play- 
ing time are mostly de- 
rived from soccer and 
the aspect of carrying 
the ball and tackling 
is derived from foot- 
ball. A game consists 
of two 30 minute halves 
in vAiich the clock does 
not stop unless there 
is an injury. 
There are fifteen play- 
ers from each team on 
the field at any given 




any one posi - 

If there are mOre 
than fifteen players 
from IPFW. there will 
be extra halves or 
games in order to al- 
low every player time 
on the field. 

Each member of the 
club will have to pay 
club dues and also pay 
for equipment. 

The equipment in 
rugby is much lighter 
than in football . and 
the only equipmient that 
is required to play for 
our team is cleats, 
short socks, and a jer- 



All of this together 
totals around $125 per 
year if new equipment 
is purchased annually. 
There is less pad- 
ding than in football 
but tackling is still 
allowed . each player 
will be trained in a 
specific way in order 
to stay injury-free. 

For more information 
about the rugby team, 
contact Qiris Porter 
at portcd01@ipfw.eda 
and keep a lookout for ^ 
postings at school. 

And remanber. always 



Want to see more IPFW, iQcaiand national 
sports coverage? 

The CcHnmunicator i$ MOW HIRIIUG 

sports writers and a sports 
page editor. 

Positions are paid, and provide invaluable expe- 
rience, regardless of degree area. 

For more information, contact Jessie Ruckman, 
editor-in-chief at RuckjIOl ©ipfw.edu. 



Athletic Events 

for 9/12-5/18 

Wed. Sept. 12 

Men's soccer vs. Detroit, 7 p.m. 

Fri. Sept. 14 
Men's soccer at UC Davis. 5 p.m. 
Women's volleyball at North Dakota 

State, 7 p.m. 
Hen's tennis at Ball State Invita- 
tional 
All Day. 

Sat. Sept. 15 
Women's softball vs. Taylor, noon. 
Men's soccer at Oregon State. 2:30 

p.m. 
Women's cross country at Mel Brodt 
Invitational. 11 a.m. 
Men's cross country at Mel Brodt In- 
vitational. 11:45 a.m. 
Women's volleyball at South Dakota 

State, 5 p.m. 
Men's tennis at Ball State Invita- 
tional, All Day. 

Mon. Sept. 17 

Men's golf at Yestingmeier Invita- 
tional, All Day. 

Tues. Sept. 18 

Women's soccer vs. Detroit Mercy, 7 

p.m. 
Men's golf at Yestingpieiet Invita- 
tional, All Day. 



\umm 



JomAmer'ua's #1 
Student Tour Operator 





UHCUN, ACAPUIXO, JWIU/Cd, 

BMUmS, PUllttO IflUUHM, 

SOUTH PmK, fURIDA, CRUISIS 



Sell Trips, Eorn (ash 
S Trovel Free 



1-800-648-4849 
www.slstrauel.cam 







The IPFW Communicator wants YOU to make a difference 

Interested in municator. conununity events, address below, and to submit an arti- located in Walb 
boosting your resume Regardless of you have a voice in reach thousands of cle or idea, aim- Union, room 215. 
or sending a mes- whether you are in- The Communicator. students, faculty ply e-mail Jessie Use your voice to 
sage to your peera, terested in invest- Articles are sub- and community mem- Buckman, Editor-In- make a difference- 
but are unsure how? ing, the environ- mitted every week bers regularly. For Chief or stop by The write for your uni- 
Write for The Com- ment. politics, or by e-mailing the more information ot Communicator office vecsity newspaper! 




money 

news opinion 

politics lifestyle 

sports entertainment 




contact Jessie ruckman 

ruckjl01@ipfw.edu 



